I've been learning from both Holt and Samson for a few weeks now - Holt
having shown me how to use the odd and unexpected abilities I seem to now have
available to me.

Plus her absolute suspicion of everybody - she's seen a lot of colleagues die
and come pretty bloody close herself, so she's a fantastic teacher as to what
and who to keep at arm's length, including anything she teaches me.

Meanwhile, Samson has taught me basic investigational skills, basic self
defence, and reminded me both why I remember a hunting rifle in my hands and
why in the vast majority of cases I won't have one.

He clearly spent quite some time as a 'real' field agent - from what I hear
he was part of MI6 before he had an unexpected moment and turned out to be
one of us and got snarfed by Walker - but he's careful and he's honest and
he tells me everything I think he thinks I need to know except that damnit
he still won't tell me who his tailor is.

And of course I still spend a day or so a week on the ticket queue, because
the Department's opsec continues to require being a successful computing
consultancy even if the interesting parts of our lives are something else.

^Z

(I'm home regularly ish so my cat isn't too angry, but I'm often still
thinking about the day enough that my petting is insufficiently focused
and demands a glare ... but close enough)

fg

Today, however, is about to get interesting.

I arrive at a sensible hour, collect a barely sensible amount of caffeine from
Ms. Mei at the reception desk, and then retire to my office for what I expect
to be the morning ticket queue triage and responses, with a side order of
queueing up questions to write suitably professional answers to after lunch.

I get as far as 11am.

My line manager, Holt, sticks her head around my door.

"Conference room Hazel, ten minutes. Bring your coffee."

... and she's gone again.

Since it is at best ... unwise ... to upset Holt, I make sure I have
everything I was working on paused in a way I can resume it easily enough and
then poke my work laptop for where exactly "Conference room Hazel" is going
to be down the corridors of the office.

I refill my coffee mug, double check the directions, and take a walk.

^Z

(I'll take a lot in return for actually having my own office to work out of
when insane shit isn't happening, ok?)

fg

Decent sized table, bigass screen at one end which is presumably the relevant
substitute for a projector, chairs down either side and as I walk in Samson
gestures at a spot at one side that's clearly where I'm supposed to sit.

I twitch slightly as I see the screen because I've seen things shown on one
that I'd rather not think too hard about, but nobody in the room even blinks
as I work my way down and take my seat.

I guess either they know or they're used to such things - I'm not honestly
sure I want to understand which so I just shrug and move on.

Samson is stood at the head of the room, exquisitely dressed as ever, a short
blonde haired (but not so short as to be a crew cut) exceedingly fit man in
an immaculate suit. Still not exactly my taste but damn if he isn't
impressively well put together nonetheless.

Looking around the table I'm one of four.

I'm sat nearer the back than the screen, and on the other side from me is a
solid wedge of muscle that I well recognise as being the driver for my prior
adventures with a hint of Director Walker.

I make eye contact and hold out my hand.

"Stark."

"Bishop." He takes the hand and shakes it, no crushing grip games, he knows
- and he knows I know - that he could do that, but given that there's no need
to do so - it would merely be dickwaving on his part - instead we simply
nod at each other and release the clasp, sharing the barest hint of a smile.

"Ahem." Samson clearly wants our attention, I guess because now we're all here.

I note that, as has happened before, Holt is at the back of the room with her
arms folded across her back, leaning against the wall casually, but she's far
enough back this time that I believe that while I'm sure she intends to be
visible to Samson she also intends to have nothing to do with the situation
except to be a visible observer.

"Ladies, gentlemen and tenors," begins Samson, and all of us sit up straight.

The two in front of me are an extremely smartly dressed woman and a bald man
in a cut off T-shirt and jeans; I've never seen either of them before so I
can't hold any other opinion as yet, but they both sit up as straight as
Bishop and I do so I guess that's a start.

"We think there's a truly unfortunate threat coming for a set of hedge
witches."

I'm not the only one who blinks in confusion, but happily for all of us
Samson continues.

"Hedge witches are a human thing - real, actual humans, not oddities like
us - but the true supernaturals find them just as fascinating and, sadly,
just as vivisectable."

I have an awful feeling he's looking at me right now, though that could
easily be more about my memories than anything else. He carries on.

"We keep an eye on assorted groups thereof, but there's not a lot to be done
under normal circumstances.

"However, we've picked up some comm traffic from a Combat 18 affiliate where
they were saying 'foreigners and freaks'."

I skip my eyes to the right for a moment and see Holt nodding - no question
as to whether that comm traffic was authentic then, I guess.

"Had it been a different phrasing, I can't say we would have been worried -
white nationalist idiots are relatively rare but hardly an issue and if they
were actually an issue, in general they'd be Five's problem.

"But 'and freaks' suggests them being aware of the hedge witch component of
the group, and -that- suggests them being whipped up and coaxed into action
by something entirely less pleasant.

"So I think we should help them move elsewhere."

^Z

(um ... this doesn't sound disagreeable ... but also WHAT)

fg

The woman leans forwards.

"OK, stipulated, what sort of elsewhere are we even talking about?"

Samson nods in a way that makes me at least a little less troubled because
clearly he was expecting this question.

"We get in touch with them, convince them to -want- to move elsewhere, and
then we help them do so."

"OK, Samson, but how the hell are we expected to do that?"

This ... may be the first time in my entire life where I've thought "I love
you" about a woman, but she's definitely not wrong.

"Good question, Carter," he replies, "but figuring that out is what you and
your team are here for, after all."

I meet Bishop's eyes across the table but Carter is on it.

"Fine. Maybe we can do that. Why are we here? Spill, Samson."

"That attack is coming. Get down there, make friendly contact. The whitenat
arseholes will hopefully provide you with suitable leverage to get to step
two. Plus, they might offer you a chance to figure out whose idea this was."

"So ... the idea is to say 'hello, you are about to be attacked', not be
believed, and then not be able to do anything meaningful until they actually
-are- attacked?"

"If you have a better idea, Carter, please do propose it."

"Not yet, but I'd much prefer to have one before we actually arrive so if
I can have my team dedicated to looking into that before we set out, that
would be ... cordially appreciated."

The dry, biting tone with which Carter delivers the last two words of that
sentence is honestly Holt-worthy, and while Samson doesn't flinch, the way
his shoulders tense suggests a good point, well made.

"You ship out tomorrow evening, Department standard Land Rover, Bishop
driving, you're lead with Morgan as wingman, Stark's never ... ahem ...
-officially- deployed before so he's third wheel.

"On the other hand, I'm sure you've already heard a word or two about Stark
and he's the first electrokinetic in a while that Holt's let out of the
rabbit hutch so I'm sure you can find -something- to do with him."

Carter nods.

Apparently (to my complete lack of surprise) word gets around.

"Alright, Samson. Special Branch warrant cards all around, any further
equipment requests to be delivered by end of play today, and I want this
conference room from now until we move out tomorrow. Deal?"

"Fine by me. Anything else?"

"We'll probably be ordering dinner?"

"Of course."

"OK, we're close to midday now. Everybody get back to your usual spots and
do what you can to clear things up for the moment - be back here at 2pm but
if you order lunch and don't have time to finish it bring it with you, I'm
probably going to need to talk at you for a bit anyway.

"Operational plan by 2pm tomorrow acceptable? I know it's relatively short
notice but so is everything here and if I've given you the equipment requests
early I'm sure you can handle it?"

Samson grins and nods.

"By all means, Carter. I believe I both can and should bow out at this point
and leave you to it. Tell me what you need, and thank you."

On which note, Samson stands and nods politely to everybody, then walks out
of the room.

"Right, you lot, get out of here and I'll see you at two. Pleased to meet
you, Stark, but we'll do the pleasantries later, right now there's much to
be done."

She isn't wrong.

We get out of here.

^Z
