I wake up in a Land Rover in motion.

"Walker?"

"Yes, Stark?"

"With all due respect, sir, WHAT THE FUCK?"

"Ah. Yes. I did notice."

"Notice?"

"It seems you and I have more in common than we first thought."

"By which you mean?"

"Apparently neither of us is any longer entirely human."

...

I take a few seconds to process this, and try to phrase a question.

"So, what can you tell me ab-"

"We're not that similar, Stark, in your case I believe that when my head of
IT returns you'll get a far better explanation than I can provide, what you
can do is very different to what I can do."

"By which you mean?"

"This has been a long night, Stark, but this is the second time recently
you've been around a firearm that only actually fired once and survived as a
result. Perhaps you could figure it the fuck out on your own?"

... I think he might be as tired as I am.

"Ah."

I sit back in the seat and the Landy swings on into the night.

^Z

...

fg

"Oh, good, here's your hotel. Room service will get you a couple of doubles
to help you sleep, don't bother setting an alarm."

Walker passes me the thermos before continuing.

"You might like that for the morning, don't imagine breakfast will be so
enticing. Call for pickup when you're ready to come in."

Clearly dismissed, I walk wearily into my hotel, thermos in hand.

^Z

(breakfast did not, indeed, seem enticing, but Ms. Wei's marvelous mixture
did make me feel ready for pick up in no time at all)

fg

"Good afternoon, Ms. Wei."

She beams.

"Good afternoon, Mister Stark. Just let me page the Director and I'll get you
a mug."

He arrives about the same time as my coffee, hands me my laptop, and then
leads me through into a room I've yet to see - one with plentiful space and
a huge screen along one wall.

Walker does not, to be honest, look to me like he slept at all.

"So, Stark, it's time for the aftermath."

At a press of a button the screen lights up with a view into a smallish room
in which a man is stood teetering on a chair, with a noose around his neck
that appears to be anchored to the ceiling.

I stare for a moment and then realise which man in particular.

"Ah, I see you collected Mr. Right. What happened to Mr. Left?"

"In spite of all available evidence as to its continued effectiveness, he
thought it would be clever to brandish his no longer functioning popgun at a
member of SCO 19 carrying a rifle."

Well. That would do it.

Walker continues: "Now, we're about to have guests. Please try not to startle
too much."

The door opens and ... ok, look, this whole situation has been insane but I
was still not what you might call prepared for two actual wolfmen walking
into the conference room.

Especially when they were hugely taller than me, 'built like a brick
shithouse' would be an understatement under the circumstances, and it occurred
to me about two seconds after they cleared the door that these must be
representatives of the people who sent a sniper after me.

They must have seen my shock, and I swear the resulting smiles were meant to
be friendly, but frankly I'm just glad I don't piss myself or vomit again.

"Mister Stark!" (the voice is heavy on the growl but otherwise excellent
english and it almost helps) "We know what you did, we apologise for our
mistakes, and we thank you and hope you will forgive us."

"I ... I appreciate your words but can I get back to you on that last part?"

They laugh appreciatively and the other one comments: "Of course, of course!"

Walker nods, and walks out the door with a note of "Just enjoy the show."

A minute later he walks on screen, bids Mr. Right a cheery good morning, and
the interrogation begins.

^Z

(mostly focused on backup copies of the data, which I arrange to poof into
nonexistance via my laptop as he goes, but otherwise you really wouldn't find
the details pleasant or edifying)

fg

At last it seems to be wound down, and Walker hits an intercom buzzer on the
wall of the interrogation room.

"HR, did he tell me everything?"

There's some quiet noises from the other end of the connection.

"Excellent, thank you."

Walker turns back to Mr. Right.

"Well, thank you for your assistance. The only matter left to be resolved is
your mistake in being a willing part of an organisation that would point a
gun at one of my employees, but your input isn't required on that matter."

Walker doesn't bother waiting for a response but heads to the door.

As the door closes, the chair flings itself across the room to clatter against
a wall, and Mr. Right ... drops.

The wolfmen bear their teeth approvingly as I turn away.

^Z

(sometime later, somebody puts a very large glass of Talisker next to the
foetal Starkball in the corner and then I'm left alone again)

fg

When I come back to full awareness, Walker's sat on the other side of the
room, cross legged, back against the opposite wall.

"Jesus fucking christ, Walker, what did you do?"

"No more than he'd have done to you given the chance."

"I ... but still, why?"

"Because he'd've happily killed you is enough reason for me. Because he'd've
happily seen every one of those children vivisected for a sufficient profit
should be enough reason for you. And because their parents' gratitude to you
is genuine, and their parents' gratitude to us is enough reason for the
department."

"I'm going to need to take a minute to think about that."

Walker, to his credit, nods and just sits there and waits.

Thing is, he has a point. A man who we'd know would slaughter a couple
hundred children for profit is probably not a man you really want running
around. And under the circumstances, how else do you stop that?

I really don't like that he has a point. I really don't like anything about
the world he apparently lives in. But I do want to know what the fuck has
happened to me and there's really only one way to arrange that.

"Director?"

Walker looks up, attentive, and I wonder if he's realised that's the first
time I've ever called him that.

"I believe I'd like to extend my contract, if that would be acceptable."

"I'd be delighted, Mister Stark."

"One condition, though."

"Which is?"

"More permanent accomodation and transport arranged for my cat."

Even through the exhaustion, I'm not sure I've ever seen such a genuine smile
from him.

"Done, Stark. Welcome to british military intelligence, department 13."

^Z

(... --- ...)
