I fucking hate on-sites. I mean, they're well compensated, sure, but they're
also just a logistical aggravation especially given if clients could just
learn how to build a bastion host so I could get into their systems remotely
it would be cheaper for them and way less annoying for me.

So it goes.

This time I have to be at their datacentre at 1am (apparently I only get to
touch the systems during official downtime) so it's currently 8pm and I'm sat
in a truly terrible coffee shop in the pretentious part of London.

Yes, yes, you might say "that's called London", but this place is called the
Java Flow. Basic ass hawaiian style volcano chic theme combined with coffee
that's the epitome of premium mediocre. You do the math.

On the upside, the salesboy I've set up for an ad-hoc meeting to kill time is
pretty cute and while he's clearly been pre-gaming with something stronger
than coffee my desire for him to be relaxed later means that fits my ad-hoc
plan just fine, thank you very much.

The conversation, on the other hand ... is about of the same quality as the
coffee.

"Look, mate, what your ... what your problem is ... is that you don't have
ambition. You could make a mint if you worked for finance companies with your
background. A mint, mate, a mint."

"I'm sure I could. But I don't want to live here and I like being an
independent consultant. Unfucking systems is fun."

"Un-fucking?" he says, with an emphasis on the first syllable that makes the
innuendo boringly clear.

"Well, yes, I said unfucking *systems*, I never said anything about *people*."

He blinks as he tries to process this. Why ... why are the pretty boys always
possessed of the mental acuity of a chicken wing?

"And anyway, you say I should have ambition. I've got to admit, I *do* like to
get ahead. Which is, after all, why you're here and why I'd like to assure you
that the hotel room my client's logistics people pre-acquired for me is
absolutely fabulous."

I doubt he got the "ahead" part but the fabulous hotel room thing seems to at
least have got through. However, there's clearly a bit of a mismatch here so:

"How about we grab one more coffee each and then I show you it? Yours is a
double espresso, right?"

The ensuing smile is glorious and I get a good feeling that the tour of the
hotel room will be at least trending in that direction too.

^Z

... (not bad)

fg

It's a good job I don't feel the cold, this datacentre is predictably
freezing. Government provisioned so there's no kill like overkill except
when it comes to actually being organised.

I'm still *intensely* annoyed though (admittedly sort of a default state for
me, but really, this is egregious).

Firstly, there are security camera monitors in here and the bloody things
keep flickering.

Secondly, this problem makes no fucking sense whatsoever.

This is, roughly, a population database. But nothing matches up with anything
else. Not in the usual "shitty data entry has meant things don't quite mesh"
sense, in the "there is clearly a bastard pattern to this but I can't tell
what it is yet" sense.

I've been staring at this for over an hour now and I *know* there's a pattern
here but none of my usual "what the fuck did they do to their data import
code" tricks have worked and ...

Wait.

There's a bunch of surnames that keep repeating in the anomalous records.

While this system is shut down from external use I can safely run some
seriously brute force searches on ...

So let's try this.

One. Two. Three. Swearing redacted as I basically throw whatever I can think
of at the data and spend the waiting time cursing that bloody flickering
(what the fuck is wrong with their CCTV system anyway) and then.

GENEALOGY.

Every single mismatch is within a dozen or so family trees. I've no idea
how to remediate the damn thing, because I've no idea how it went wrong ...
but they can either figure that out themselves or pay me for a second
engagement, because this is *not* the code bug I was paid to find, this is
some sort of obscure bastard asshole of a data bug and that means it's in a
different part of their system.

I isolate all the relevant data into the scratch space they've provided me
on this behemoth of a government IT nightmare, and check which is the first
train out of this fucking city.

^Z

... (open first class tickets should be in your standard contract)

fg

Motherfucker.

Getting the ass-crack-o-clock express out of King's Cross seemed like a great
plan as compared to grabbing a few hours of kip in a disappointingly otherwise
unoccupied hotel room, luscious or not. Totally was in terms of the not having
to fight through the under-washed masses to get a train post-checkout.

However.

Early morning first class has a complimentary breakfast service thing and
even complimentary supplied caffeine bearing beverages of choice, which is
absolutely great if that's what you had in mind, but I was planning to go
"hey, it's past six, I'm going to enjoy this nearly empty train and get some
fucking sleep on the way back".

Which. Well. There's always a fucking edge case, right?

So, because english people and tea, every one of the complimentary breakfast
service setups has a teaspoon. And even the most modern of modern british
intercity train sets vibrates a bit when running at full speed.

THE TEASPOONS ALL RATTLE WHEN THE TRAIN IS UNDER POWER.

This whole "get some fucking sleep" plan is going to be a challenge.

^Z

... (but I do manage to doze somewhat anyway)

fg

OK, why am I awake? My alarm hasn't gone off yet, I'd been fading in and out
but I'm suddenly straight up awake.

The noise is wrong? No, the noise is nonexistant.

What?

This is a full speed intercity express, the noise (and teaspoon rattle
inducing vibrations) should be basically continuous, this thing isn't meant
to stop until Preston, that ... ok, I'm half awake but I'm also fully
confused now.

This, of course, means we're slowing, which if there's a reason for it, sure,
OK, and if there isn't a reason for it, sure, BR, but it's still a trifle odd.

*CRACK*

... WHAT?

... why is there a draft?

I blink the sleep out of my eyes and try to figure out what the hell just
happened - the UK rail system spent a truly stupid amount of money per
passenger death or injury avoided on increased safety protocols so I'm not
by default going to worry about risk to life and li-oh my.

There is a HOLE in the WINDOW all of a few inches forwards of where I'm sat.

Whatever the hell came through that would, by my back of the envelope
calculations, if the train hadn't been slowing, have come through *me*.

No fucking bueno.

I resist the urge to move just yet and take a moment to check and, yep, the
train engines haven't kicked back in so I think I'm just going to sit here
and let the adrenaline spike settle before I try and plan a next move.

^Z

... (and the train gently rolls to a halt)

fg

*donk donk*

*donk donk*

Somebody's knocking on the window opposite me, quietly, quietly enough not
to put me back into full adrenaline spike mode, which I'm significantly
appreciative of but also rather fascinated by.

I walk over to the window and peer down so I can see more than just their
knuckles.

Looks like some rocker-ass motherfucker, and when I make eye contact, he
raises his eyebrows at me and gestures to the end of the carriage, then
starts very deliberately strolling in that direction.

Well, fuck it, this is at least interesting. I grab the satchel with my kit
in it (I believe the very model of the modern metrosexuals call it a
messenger bag but it's still a fucking satchel) and wander to the end of the
carriage.

By the time I get there he's already hauled the door open and I can see open
british rural flat fuck all out of it. Ok? Sure?

"Pleased to meet you. You must be Stark. I'm Walker."

"What?"

"I mean, yes, but pleased to meet you nonetheless. This is an understandably
weird moment but somebody *did* just try to shoot you in the head so I'm
fudging on the formalities a bit here."

"WHAT?"

"Look, you already figured out where that shot would've landed if the engines
hadn't -ahem- cut out. Wouldn't you prefer to get out of here?"

"What." ... ... I think for a minute. "Actually, that doesn't seem like a bad
idea, on the whole."

"Excellent. I see you already have your kit. We just need to sort out one more
thing."

He roots around in a rucksack he's wearing and pulls out a pair of walking
shoes.

"I think these are your size? I had them sourced slightly larger than our
guess because I figured that if we'd got it wrong they'd be less discommoded
by the muddy joys of the countryside than the work shoes that go with that
suit of yours?"

I ... ... ... what. Wait. Hang on a ... you know what? Fuck it. Somebody just
tried to shoot me. This dude seems to know what's what and I don't much want
to stay on that train anyway.

^Z

... (the shoes fit pretty well)

fg

"So, I have to ask ... if they took one shot at me, why didn't they take a
second after the train was slowing down predictably?"

"Because they only got one shot because we had to be sure that's what they
were planning to do."

"You mean you *let* whoever it was take that shot at me?"

"We did also sabotage the train so it missed. Information is important when
attempting to diagnose a complex issue - and they were never going to get a
second."

"I ... am completely fucking lost here and also wondering if I should be
completely fucking angry."

"That's fair. But on the other hand we have another couple miles to walk to
get to the nearest convenient pickup location, and it's a pretty decent pub,
and if we keep making good time I'll have time to get you a pint while we
wait for transit. Buy the round first, explain later?"

"... you know, after the last few hours, fuck it, sure. Let's march."

I pause for a moment and realise there's an important caveat to be noted.

"... you're getting me a fucking whiskey as well as the pint though."

^Z
