In the middle of fucking nowhere here. I swear the nearby train station is
providing service to more sheep than humans. Classic tiny-arse pub for such
a geographical context, must have been here from before the locals discovered
fire and still serving.

Beer's not bad though, and he's paying.

"So, now we're situated, let me explain a little of what's going on here.
You spotted an anomaly that it would probably have been simpler for your
life if you hadn't, right?"

"Wait. What. The genealogy mismatch in the data ..."

I trail off.

Spotting patterns and unfucking them is what I'm paid for. Spotting patterns
and having somebody try and shoot me in the head over noticing them, not so
much.

Possibly I need to adjust my standard contract to add a few more clauses.

"Yep. That. Well." Walker takes a deep draught of his pint, like he's trying
to figure out how to phrase something. "You found an entire sub tribe of
werewolves that they'd really been trying to keep secret."

"A what of WHAT?"

"Oh, right, yeah, you'd only nearly got murdered so far. Yes, werewolves."

"I ... look, give me a minute."

I go to the bar and grab myself another whiskey. I'm so discombobulated by
what he said that I even pay for it myself, but right now, I figure a
double Talisker is a rounding error compared to the near infinite yawning
WHAT THE FUCK I'm dealing with, so whatever.

I sit back down and nod.

"Werewolves breed with humans too, you know? And the offspring aren't *that*
supernatural, just enough to mean that people who're fascinated *by* the
supernatural really want to get their hands on them for, well, let's go with
'autopsy purposes' because that's pretty much how this story always ends."

"And I ..." (assuming Walker isn't shitting me, I fear the end result of this
line of thought is going to strongly involve the words "oh dear").

"Yeah, you exposed them, and because your average werewolf is a technical
ingenue one of their brain geniuses thought killing you would even help."

... ... ... fucking luddites.

I down my drink.

"Another double? We have a few minutes yet."

I nod, because honestly, when you're sat in a pub in the middle of
sheepfuckistan rural England and somebody offers you more Talisker, sure,
obviously you're going to say yes to that part, at least something of this
situation has to be under your control. Or at least I hope it is.

"So, yeah, the 'fun' part here is, the people trying to kill you so far
weren't even the problem. It's whoever's about to try to kill the dozens of
people your WHERE clause picked up that I'm actually worried about."

It's only tequila that makes you hallucinate, right?

Right?

"What."

Walker manages to grin and grimace at the same time, and makes eye contact
with the bartender who immediately starts pouring another pair of doubles for
us.

The fact he's been here before would be reassuring if I wasn't wondering just
how many people he's got nearly shot in the head beforehand.

The drinks land in front of us and we both take a sip before continuing.

"So, thing is, I figured you might be willing to give us a hand with that
part, -"

"Wait, you only stopped me getting shot because you wanted to ask a favour
afterwards?"

"... no, we'd've avoided them killing you anyway. But I still figured you
might be interested in helping out."

He raises his pint and I clink it with mine on reflex, and there's another
wave and I figure we're getting another round, but something about this is
starting to make me think and ...

... oh, *FUCK*.

"Walker? I'm enjoying the drinks but it seems like you've been telling me
things that would normally be behind a veil of secrecy and while the honesty
is appreciated I can't help but wonder."

He gestures as if it's irrelevant, well, that or as if it's "these aren't the
droids you're looking for."

"Well, yeah, from the moment that idiot pulled the trigger we passed into the
realm of 'either you join us to help out or you forget this entire shitshow',
there aren't a lot of alternative options here."

"Forget ... forget how ..."

His reply is delivered airy and untroubled, which, let me tell you, is not
actually reassuring.

"Oh, we can sort it out, and you'll never remember anyway."

"Are you going to fucking flashy thing me?"

"Well, I guess that's one way to look at it."

The pints arrive and I take a moment to drink and also go WHAT THE FLYING
FORNICATION inside my head and damn but I'm glad I didn't get shot but I'm
still increasingly wondering whether this is actually much better.

"I know, Stark, I bought you a drink because I figured it was only fair. But
basically there are two options here - one, you help me save a few dozen
kids' lives whose only crime was having a weird parent - or two, you don't
and I stuff you in a box until we're done so nobody kills you while I'm
dealing with this and then wipe your memory afterwards so nobody kills you
after I'm done dealing with this - and I'm not claiming it's a nice choice
but it's the only choice I can offer you here."

I stare slack jawed. Being stunned into silence is not something I have much
experience with. Hell, being anything-ed into silence isn't. But if any
situation I've ever faced in my life deserves it, yeah, this is it.

"Oh, and either way, I'll be paying your locksmith bill."

"Wait, what, you broke into my flat? Is that how you got my shoe size?"

"Don't be silly, I got your shoe size from the people who made your shoes."

I sit and sip my pint and do my best to give Walker an "I don't know what
the fuck but also I think I may want to kill you" look while I drink. Then I
realise what he didn't say and glare harder.

It appears Walker was waiting for that to happen.

"Of course I had my agents break into your flat. No matter what you choose,
you're going to be away for at least a week while we sort this out and your
cat would've gone hungry and deprived of petting if we hadn't."

...

...

Wait, did I hear that right?

I take a big swig of my beer and then ask.

"Did you say deprived of petting?"

Walker grins.

"It's not your cat's fault people were trying to kill you, and the pet
sitter my admin team hired have a solid reputation for doing a full service
job. Oh, and they'll be duplicating your food purchases, so either way you
shouldn't come back to a picky cat on our account."

...

Am I fucking hearing this right?

He's telling me he's going to wipe my memory ... but he's already gone to the
trouble of making sure my cat's okay before during and afterwards.

I don't fucking understand these people.

But I do understand "their parents aren't their fault", hoo boy do I
understand that one.

And he's treating my cat better than he's treating me, but frankly caring
about cats more than humans isn't something that I find particularly
troubling and ...

A decision crystallises in my head.

"Alright, Walker, I'm in ... at least for the moment."

He nods, and looks entirely unsurprised as I drain my glass.

"Your round though."

^Z

... (and the car pulls up almost the moment we finish our last round of drinks
... how fascinatingly convenient)
