The drive is mostly peaceful, the windows are minimally tinted so I can see
out any time I can be bothered but I have a pretty minimal sense of geography
anyway so I mostly don't.

In any case, once the surroundings fade from areas with more sheep than
humans to motorway driving, while the occasional spot of landscape is
admittedly pretty it's really quite bland compared to the day I've had so far.

Plus, honestly, catching up on my various newsfeeds is a better distraction
from the sheer level of WHAT THE FLYING FUCK that's still resonating through
my head after unexpectedly getting nearly shot, semi kidnapped, and then
unceremoniously but politely temporarily recruited.

... no, don't be silly, I'm not using one of my devices to do that, those are
faraday bagged in the boot of the Range Rover we're traveling in, but the
loaner tablet I'm using is perfectly reasonable and the vehicle's wifi is
more than sufficient for my current meager purposes.

I did consider asking how the uplink had been rendered suitably secured that
such an affordance was even allowed, but then figured that since my not being
dead was a pretty clear proof of competence on Walker's part I'd really rather
just soak in the more trivial parts of the internet for a while, so instead I
sit back, relax, and enjoy the drive.

^Z

... (I'm alive and my cat's going to get fed, and that's not nothing)

fg

"Stark."

I startle for a moment, and then realise we're pulling in to an underground
car park.

"Oh, huh."

"Yep, we're here."

"Ok, Walker, but with all due respect ... where actually is here?"

"Here is the car park."

I glare and then crack the hint of a smile as the landy pulls into a parking
bay. Apparently getting to zone out for the drive has done whatever subset of
my brain is currently firing on cylinders the world of good.

"So, we're going to leave your kit in the back for the moment, I'll have
somebody check it over for gremlins and bring it up, but in the mean time,
how about we go get you set up in the office?"

"Office? ... Wait, no, obviously there's going to be an office, I swear I
have an above room temperature IQ on a normal day."

"Don't worry, Stark, there'll be coffee."

^Z

... (why does the lift button he hits have a picture of a giant rabbit?)

fg

Reception is ... bog standard business park corporate style, looks like
almost every on-site client I've ever dealt with. Receptionist is ... she's
smartly dressed, articulate, and delightfully solicitous in supplying me
with pretty damn decent filter coffee while I wait a few minutes.

It occurs to me that Walker being Walker she probably already knows there's
no risk of me hitting on her, but right now that's far more convenient than
it is annoying, and the coffee is exactly what I needed so fucked if I care.

Either way, I only have time to inhale one decent sized mug of the stuff
before he comes back and walks me in through the main door and into a
meeting room. Which is ... also bog standard, this place is fucking cookie
cutter but then again under the circumstances I wouldn't want to stand out
either so yeah, fair game.

Walker slides a set of papers across the table to me and drops a pen in the
centre of the table between us.

"Contract. Read, check, ask me any questions you need to, then sign, please."

Then he sits back, mind clearly gone elsewhere, and leaves me to peruse.

^Z

... (wait, this is my standard contract ... with 1.5x the usual day rate ...)

fg

I look up at him and raise my eyebrows.

"Look, firstly, I obviously have the budget for this. Secondly, it'll leave
a completely traceable paper trail so this doesn't disrupt any future plans
you have. Thirdly, check the employer."

"Pendulum Personnel?"

"They ... exist. But not in any way traceable to us."

I look a second time.

"Wait ... what the fuck is *Accenture* doing on here?"

"Pendulum's client of record."

"But they're a bunch of fucking idiots."

"What they are, for our current purposes, is a giant consultancy that
regularly subcontracts anything involving actual competence ... that also
has a reputation such that if somebody tries to trace things from us to you
or from you to us nobody will be at all surprised if they've lost the
relevant paperwork and can't tell them anything."

Ah.

That's ... not a bad idea, actually.

I reach for the pen.

^Z

... (the badge he hands over says both Accenture and Cuniculture Computer
Consulting ... ok then?)

fg

Formalities complete, badge clipped onto my shirt pocket, we proceed down
the hall to another part of the office.

Notable that one thing that isn't exactly cookie cutter is the prevalence of
private offices rather than open plan nightmares, but I guess I'm currently
the guest of an organisation that actually has incentives to provide their
staff with a modicum of privacy for once.

In the office that's apparently our destination, a sharply dressed blonde man
in a suit sits behind a desk. Not exactly my taste, but both the physique and
the sheer physical presence are impressive nonetheless.

Honestly, Walker's scruffiness is starting to seem almost out of pl-

"Director." He nods respectfully to Walker.

"Samson."

Walker turns slightly to adress me.

"Mr. Stark, I'd like to introduce you to Mr. Samson, our COO."

Samson stands up from behind his desk and gives me a handshake that feels like
it's only not physically painful because he's made a point of restraining
himself.

"New tech analyst. Good."

"Well ... possibly? Or at least temporarily" I hedge.

"Sure. I'd love to introduce you to our CTO, but they're currently abroad
helping half a dozen friends of ours with a nasty driver issue. However."

He sits back down, pulls a key out and unlocks a desk drawer.

"Laptop. Standard issue, already approximately keyed to your biometrics based
on fingerprint dusting of your apartment, you'll need to re-enroll it properly
before you get network access."

The machine he hands over is ... basically exactly what I'd normally use
except it looks ruggedised and I'm pretty sure it's a model up from what I
left down in the car park before they did whatever the fuck to it, and I'm
sufficiently distracted by the sheer elegance of the machine that I barely
register the biometrics comment.

Then shrug it off because, honestly, IT security protocol being paranoid to
the point of creepy is probably the single least weird part of my day so far.

"Appreciated. What am I looking at?"

"Today? You're half awake and somebody nearly killed you earlier, how about
you get the machine bedded in, make sure you can connect to the local compute
cluster, then do whatever local customisations the security profile will allow
and call for a driver to your hotel for tonight?"

... I take a moment to process this as being, honestly, entirely sensible.
After the morning I've had, I don't think I'd trust my own results as worth
shit but it's a pleasant change to be working with somebody who can actually
figure that out on their own.

Walker is lounging against a wall off to one side, and I'm pretty sure he just
noticed my body language and is quite enjoying my surprise, the bastard.

"I ... sure. That doesn't sound like a bad idea at all."

Walker leads me out and down the hall to an empty office, makes sure I know
where the plug sockets are and explains the desk phone responds to 9 for
reception, then leaves me to get set up.

^Z

... (shortly after which I notice there's another mug of the decent coffee
sat on the desk ... always be nice to the receptionist, people)
