Acceptable business hotel via Landy, driver taciturn as ever, meal and a
couple of drinks via room service (on my new employer with the understanding
room service was rather a condition under the circumstances), followed by an
acceptable night's sleep.

^Z

(acceptable given the circumstances, at least)

fg

I arrive at the office having enjoyed a pretty decent fry up for breakfast
and a similarly silent lift back in. Same receptionist, happily.

"Good morning, Mister Stark"

"Good morning, is the coffee on? Yours is way better than the hotel's"

She beams at me, which in spite of my statement being entirely true is a
little bit too much cheerful for this early in the morning.

"Here's a mug, the Director will be with you shortly"

Happily, 'shortly' is sufficient to decrease the amount of blood in my
caffeinestream so I'm a bit more capable of conversation by the time Walker
show up.

"Stark"

"Morning"

"Ready to get to work?"

I raise the mug and nod.

"While you were taking an entirely necessary moment to chill, I ... convinced
... your last client to pull as many system logs as they could think of for
the machine you were using as a scratch monkey for your analysis work."

"Oh?"

"Somebody must have taken your resulting data set. I need to know who."

I blink.

"Ok, look, Stark, I am very much aware this isn't entirely your area, but
while I know the difference between sudo and SQL my current career rather
distracted me from my old one, my specialist is overseas, and this is
probably going to turn out to be annoyingly time critical."

"Can you not ask a proper security forensics company to look at it?"

Walker grimaces.

"We are not a substantive organisation and I've not previously been in a
situation where something time critical came up and I didn't have my
specialist to hand. I have people vetting companies we could probably send
a job like this to but frankly I completely failed to plan for this and right
now you're the least worst option to hand."

"I'm ... not sure I'm an option in the first place."

"As soon as I get somebody more suitable vetted, I'll be happy to hand the
job across and let you off the hook. Until then, you have a contract, a
laptop, unlimited access to the office coffee machine, and nothing better to
do while enjoying those privileges, no?"

... ... ...

"Don't get your fucking hopes up ... but sure, I'll try."

"Right. Same office as yesterday, tell me if you find anything."

^Z

(no, I did -not- start work immediately, that required two more coffees)

fg

Right.

So.

I have a set of data involving every outside system that talked to the one I
was working on.

I have access to a pretty healthy bunch of servers for running data crunching
jobs on.

I also have no idea what the hell I'm looking for.

Just another day at somebody else's office.

Though ... aha, the data I've been given does actually include my own results.
Which gives me an interesting idea, and I throw a speculative query program
at the compute servers on the off chance before getting into the hard work.

^Z

(insert six hours of trying to figure out what the hell happened involving
copious swearing here ... no, you don't want to know, yes, I forgot lunch)

fg

Oh, shit.

I've found the machine that performed the attack.

It's a random fucking cloud server for a company with absolutely no possible
relationship to the actual problem at hand.

And I can't hack in the 'offensive security' way worth shit.

SHIT.

Ok, ok, I can explain this, but I'm not going to enjoy doing it.

I stare at the screen, desperate for any way to procrastinate the required
"yes, I tried, but I did not in fact succeed" conversation, and realise I
can buy myself at least two minutes by checking in with my job from earlier.

... wait ... did I actually get this lucky? ...

My speculative query found a match.

PAYDIRT.

^Z

(I may have been sufficiently hyped talking to the receiptionist that she
suspected I'd had more coffee than was strictly good for me)

fg

"IT WAS STOLEN BY FUCKING MERCENARIES AND I'VE FUCKING FOUND THEM."

Samson gives me a withering look for my unprofessional mode of address.

Walker just looks at me and says "Oh?"

"The data's up on an online dark market. Cryptographic hash matches. The few
lines they've released to prove it's real matches."

Walker frowns.

"Yes, look, the lines they've released correspond to real people and that's
probably not going to be great for those real people but until somebody
actually pays them the couple million they're asking for it, the entire rest
of the data set is probably safe from the vivisectors."

Samson looks like he's about to interject, so I explain: "This is a market
for specialised and unspecialised sorts of personal data - main sort is stolen
credit card data with enough information attached to make a decent job of
using them without triggering fraud protection. Sales are generally one shot."

The room goes silent for a few seconds, and then Walker speaks.

"So ... there's a chance we could pre-empt the sale?"

"We're going to have to do it the hard way - contact them directly - I am far
from capable of tracking them down ... but. Yes. Finding a way to just make
their asking price would be easiest, but yes, there's definitely a chance."

"That's the best news I've heard all day."

Samson comments: "Director, I'm not sure the discretionary budget would run
to two million."

The tone of his voice suggests that 'not sure' may, in fact, be an
understatement.

"This is entirely possibly an issue, but how about we mint Stark a clean
identity and he contacts them and we try for an exchange meetup in person?"

"Director?"

"We already know how to find the idiot who tried to kill Stark," (WHAT) "so
we can see if they want to clean this up the easy way ... if not, I guess
Stark and I are going into the field."

"Director!"

"Mister Stark, please could you go back to the office you were working from
while Mister Samson and I discuss contingencies?" Walker pulls a key out of
a pocket and adds: "Bottom left drawer."

The raised voices I can hear before I'm five yards down the hall strongly
suggest that the contigencies in question may be something of a point of
disagreement.

^Z

(the bottom left drawer of my desk turns out to contain a glass, mineral
water, and a bottle of Talisker)

fg

Half an hour and several drams to steady my nerves later, Walker drops by my
office to provide me with a clean online identity and instructions to arrange
the meetup for late tomorrow.

I suspect Samson does not approve of this plan.

Between the Talisker, the lives at risk, and how much I miss my cat, I am
perfectly comfortable not caring whether he approves or not.

Half an hour after that, Walker and I have a date for tommorow night.

^Z
