"Good morning, Mister Stark."

"Good morning."

"Coffee?"

"I would be most appreciative, ma'am."

She grins and a mug materialises in quick order.

"I hear you have a busy day."

"I can't say I'm yet sure how busy, but yes, you might say that."

"Then I'll wait to page Walker until you're ready for a refill."

^Z

(I think I might like it here)

fg

A few minutes later, back in what I'm now starting to think of as -my-
office (and no, I'm not sure if I find that weird, that's something to worry
about later) Walker has settled in the chair on the other side of my desk and
it appears to be time to prepare for deployment.

"So, Stark, the people on the other end are presumably wanting untraceable
instruments."

"Inevitably. We can use escrow systems to give us a certain measure of
control over that, but only a certain measure."

"I assumed. Here."

He hands me a piece of paper.

"This is?"

"Details for an account containing a little over two million - a little over
in case of conversion slop, but do try to spend it correctly the first time."

"What."

(WHAT)

"Your employment history as I understand it indicates that you've had more
than enough opportunities to do stupid shit with other people's money and
never have. Under the circumstances there are a lot more factors involved in
this situation that are actually worth me worrying about."

"You actually got the two million? How?"

"Well, I could tell you that, but then ..."

"... Samson might kill us both instead of just you, and as such I retract the
question."

Stark grins and then grimaces.

"Most perceptive."

"Right, so I get this set up and make sure we have hardcopies of the relevant
details and there's nothing left on the machines. How long do I have?"

"It's ..." Stark glances over at a wall clock "... close to ten, and we ride
at four. That long enough for you to be as confident as you can be you got
this right?"

"I confess I'm a little troubled about how confident that's going to be, but
yeah, I can get you a best effort in that time - don't be surprised if I
spend the next three hours on search engines double checking my working."

"I wouldn't have it any other way. Good luck, Mister Stark."

He gets up and walks out.

I take a deep swig of my coffee and wonder if I'm allowed to use my extra
desk drawer key again to keep me company.

^Z

(double checking would be an understatement, but by three o'clock I'm fairly
confident I've done the best I can given the circumstances)

fg

Stark shows up again within five minutes of my asking reception to page him
and drops back into the chair.

"Ready as we're going to be?"

"I have the money shifted into suitable assets, and all the keys sat on here
and on your compute cluster. I'd much prefer we printed out as many copies
as you felt suitable before we destroyed the originals, and I don't know the
best way to do that securely in here."

"Ah. Three, I think, one each to carry on site and one to go in a safe here."

"With respect, how about we have the on site copies missing a few digits and
keep those in our head? I'm sure we can both remember those for the evening."

Stark stops to think for a few seconds.

"Agree, and let's also make them different for each of us. More fun for anyone
trying to be clever that way."

"Good plan, sir."

(sir? SIR?! ... at least he doesn't make any acknowledgement of my linguistic
slip)

"Right, jot the file id onto a piece of paper for me and I'll arrange it."

I do so, writing it out once, then turning over the piece of paper and writing
it out again as a poor man's checksum. I think I notice him nodding in my
peripheral vision as I do so.

"That sufficient?"

"Yep, thank you Stark, go grab yourself another coffee and I'll see you at
reception at five to four."

I lock my laptop and we both exit stage left on our respective errands.

^Z

...

fg

The driver's already sat in the Landy when we get there, and hands us two
slips of paper each.

Then pulls out a lighter and incinerates both of the PIN style slips in front
of us once we're done memorising them.

Then it's time for a drive.

^Z

...

fg

"I've got to ask, Walker, why are we driving into London of all places?"

The driver answers first.

"Because I'm your escort and this has bullet proof windows and as you may,
just, have noticed, sir, your average train does not."

"Ah."

Walker stays silent as I sink back into my seat to contemplate this point,
then a few seconds later roots under his seat and comes up with a thermos.

"Forgot to hand you this as we headed out. Compliments of Ms. Wei."

Who?

I open the thermos and take a swig.

It's ... hot damn, it's really good irish coffee. That tastes like Talisker
and then under that ...

Oh! Now I know what the receptionist's called.

"Do give her my compliments in return as and when convenient, sir."

Stark grins.

"Absolutely. And be a little careful with it, please, I don't want you tense
but there's a difference between compos mentis and compost mentis and the
latter would also be suboptimal."

I blink and fix him with a look.

"I did have a sniff, Stark, I know what she's like."

^Z

(I sip judiciously as the Landy works its way through the fading afternoon)

fg

The less said about London traffic, the better, but eventually we pull up
on a nondescript street in a nondescript area.

"Am I coming in with you, sir?" says the driver.

"Not at all, circle a couple of blocks out and wait for my signal."

"... very well, sir."

He doesn't sound entirely happy about this, but also somewhat resigned. I
have a growing suspicion that working for Walker is just like that.

"Well, come on then, Stark, you know where we're going."

We decamp from the Landy, find the nondescript door in the nondescript
building, and I punch the code I've been given into the nondescript lock.

"I'll be going in first, Stark."

"Well, then, after you, sir."

(... I give up, manager/CO accepted apparently)

I pull open the door and it's time to find out.

^Z
