I once saw some graffiti over a urinal in a pub. It said:

"Stinks of piss in 'ere"

then underneath in a more refined hand:

"Gents bogs, mate. Deal with it."

Why I'm reminded of this as we descend the staircase can, I'm sure, be left
as an exercise to the reader.

The corridor at the bottom can only be described as dingy.

Walker looks around for a moment and flips a light switch, provoking a rat
to scurry down the corridor and then very rapidly out of sight around a corner.

"Lovely place they've got here." I note.

"No comment."

We keep moving and get to a door at the end, which he duly knocks at - twice,
then once, then twice again, as agreed.

There's a brief sound of key in a deadbolt lock and the door opens onto an
equally dingy room with a table and four chairs, two on each side. One is
already occupied, and as soon as the door closes behind us the man who opened
the door slides into the other one.

"Take a seat, gentlemen."

Both of them are, at the risk of overusing a word, also both dingy and
nondescript - unmemorable people in unmemorable clothing.

So we sit.

Somehow I get the feeling we won't be offered a cup of anything here.

"Well, gentlemen?" Walker asks.

"I believe you have an interest in a dataset that happens to have come into
our hands."

"I do, indeed."

"Do you have the payment?"

"Under escrow in a suitable format, yes."

One of them takes a USB key carefully out of a pocket and puts it on the
table in front of us. The other one pulls out a laptop.

"Then shall we?"

I interject: "There is, of course, one extra thing that will be required."

Both of them glare at me, but I was rather expecting that. I continue.

"Before we release the escrow to your wallet address, we would like a signed
transaction to us in the amount of one dollar authenticating you as the
seller and us as the putative buyer."

Oh, congratulations, apparently your glares go up to eleven.

"Why?"

"Because this is intended to be a one time sale - if this data is re-sold by
you subsequently, its value to us drops far below the purchase price."

"How would such a thing stop us?"

"It wouldn't. But it provides us certainty we're paying the correct seller,
and it would absolutely destroy any prior trust in the cryptographic identity
you're using for this particular transaction - which is, let us say, probably
worth enough to you that it would allow us to have a modicum of faith."

They stop and think about this, and the one on the left who's been doing the
talking so far says "Very well."

"Besides," Walker says airily, "were you to break our agreement, I'd have no
choice but to release the photos of you I've already taken to my clients."

^Z

(I really would've liked to know in advance you were going to say that, you
long haired fucking lunatic)

fg

That's when the gun comes out.

Left man draws it smoothly from somewhere inside his clothing, and levels it
at Walker ... who slams the table with the bases of both palms and tips his
chair over backwards as the suddenly all too small room is riven by a loud
bang and as I instictively turn my head I can just see a puff of concrete
dust come off the opposite wall where the round impacted.

Stupid, Stark, stupid.

By the time I turn back around the gun's pointed at me.

Walker's on the floor and he went backwards so fast I swear he must have
concussed himself, and now the gun's pointed at me.

Click.

Click?

Click click click click.

Apparently the gun's not firing any more.

Even so, I don't think I've ever been as scared and stressed in my life, and
time slows as I see the man on the right reach towards the laptop and the
concept of a dead man's switch springs to mind and then ...

^Z

(and then everything dissolves and my brain doesn't go away but it does go
somewhere else and don't ask me to describe the sensation because I think
it got suppressed and I don't honestly mind)

fg

I'm floating in molten N-dimensional space. What's left of my normal senses
think they heard a voice saying something but that's really not something I
can focus on right now.

I can see a thread of electric blue in the void, and it's a connection from
that laptop to somewhere, and time is almost certainly of the essence.

I follow it, diving my consciousness through and up and out, and into a
system, I don't know how many miles away but that's a bit much to worry about
right now and there's a pulse coming up that thread from behind me and this
does not strike me as likely to be something I approve of.

I look about, in so far as the metaphor applies, and molten space resolves
into ... this feels like a server OS, running programs on one set of
dimensions, memory on another, file system on more ... and there's something
already connected to that thread and on instinct I tear into it and sever it.

The pulse bounces off nothingness and dissipates.

Now, where the fuck am I?

Yep. Ok. My consciousness is somehow inside a running system, great, why would
that make any sense at all? How would that be relevant at all?

Oh. Right. Dead man's switch.

I flail about with new senses and find the thing that was connected to that
thread and turn it inside out and there's a copy of the data, ready to be
broadcast to the world as possibly posthumous vengeance.

Well, gentleman, that just wouldn't be cricket.

I catch fire and burn every inch of that computer to the ground, and that
fucking laptop too, just for good measure.

... then pass out.

^Z

(and as the inevitable fade to black plays across my mind, I finally
remember what I heard - Walker's voice, shouting "SCO19! NOW!")

fg

The next thing I remember is copious vomiting, followed by strong hands
under my shoulders and two very beefily attractive boys in far too much
combat kit and slung weapons carefully manoeuvering my utterly flaccid form
(more's the pity) out of the room and up the stairs and propping me against
a wall outside in the fresh air.

I'm fairly sure I puke a couple more times before I stop shaking, but
that part is, understandably I hope, a bit of a blur.

Then Walker's there, sat a few feet away, propped against the same wall,
with what looks and smells to me like a hell of a joint in his hand.

He waits, silently, smoking, until I can finally look up and make eye
contact.

Then he hands me a hip flask.

"Nicely done, Stark."

I take a massive slug, smile weakly, and then to my great shame spill part
of the contents as I drop the flask in the process of passing back out again.

^Z
