I really do appreciate the time to consume two pints of Ms. Mei's coffee.

I really do.

And now I'm in Walker's office.

"So, Stark, we have a slight incident that we'd like your assistance with."

I brace for impact.

"Time for some proper field fun."

Walker holds his hand up.

"Worry not, Stark, Holt's inevitable displeasure will fall upon me."

I let out a breath I hadn't realised I was holding and he grins at me.

"So, Six and DIA have asked us to take a look at a situation out in the
middle east for them."

"Sir?"

"Two problems. First, they keep losing agents and allies and the SIGINT
isn't giving them shit data wise."

"Second?"

Walker hits a button on his desk.

Samson walks in.

"Before you deploy, you're qualifying on a Winchester 70 Patrol."

"A what?"

"Director, care to explain?"

I ... Samson is asking Walker to explain something combat wise?

I am unconfused by this almost immediately.

"Stark, the corpses they -have- recovered have been exsanguinated. That
rather implies vampires. So we'll be sending you into the field with a
bolt action rifle we're sure you know how to shoot and incendiary rounds."

... ... ...

"Sir."

Walker: "Oh, believe me, the idea here is for you to be an electronic warfare
  disaster for the opposition, I have no intent for you to be used any
  other way."

I spend the evening in the basement firing off groups and watching targets
catch fire when I don't fuck it up.

Then just as I'm going to go home ... -she- walks in.

Full on goth bitch, like, the sort I'd normally just nod and smile at and if
somebody tried to hurt either of us in the parking lot after I'd judo sweep
them and she'd smash them in the face with her keys.

But tonight?

"Evening, ma'am?"

^Z

(several seconds elapsed ... unsure how many of those were because I'd been
polite versus due to simple surprise)

fg

"Shit, dude, good to see you again."

"What?"

"Oh, right, yeah, of course Walker never explained ... I was the field agent
assigned to make sure your idiot would-be assassin never got to take a
-second- shot."

... argh.

"Don't worry about it, Walker broke the train to fuck up the first shot, I
broke the rifle to fuck up the second shot, and hells but did you come
through overall, you did a bunch of awesome things but also those buttocks
were fucking magnificent."

^Z

(and this is how I meet Joy Yeager)

fg
