Deployment.

Time to figure out what we're all asking for.

Foreign deployment rather than domestic so things are a little different.

Samson gets basically anything he wants, of course, but that's a full camo
kit, a just in case forty five, and presumably a bunch of other pieces that
are entirely his business and above my pay grade.

Morgan gets a full set of field medic gear, his Kukri and Bowie, and given
the likelihood of vampires a fire hardened wood knife as a third weapon.

I get camo, my choice of IT kit (damn fine choice as well, if I can't work
the relevant magic with this kit then I've made my own fucking bed by choosing
wrong), plus the Winchester 70 Patrol they insisted I qualified on.

Should be fine.

One problem.

Yeager.

Her: "You're saying what, you mysoginistic bastards?"

Samson: "Without in any way endorsing them, this is going to go badly."

Her: "So what you're saying is you're entirely fine with their sexism?"

At which point I break in.

"I am really quite grateful you saved my life, but I am also gay and I'm going
to have to drop in on this field deployment too, I do entirely get that this
entire situation is bullshit but if -you- throw a fucking tantrum then legally
they get to hurt you, if -I- throw a fucking tantrum then legally they get to
kill me. So, no, I'm not fine with it, at all, but maybe let's calm the fuck
down here?"

The office we're stood in drops its temperature by five or ten degress celsius
which as I'll learn later, is a pretty solid indication that Yeager is
Not Impressed.

But she does calm the fuck down. Ish.

"In that case, Stark, what do you suggest?" she asks.

"That we find you an outfit you find superficially acceptable but doesn't
cause us a diplomatic incident or you a problem logistics/operations wise?"

"I ... could maybe make my peace with that?"

"We're scheduled to deploy into Islamistan, it's not going to be entirely
fun and it's definitely going to be annoyingly warm, so you're going to be
seriously uncomfortable if you try and wear your usual outfit with something
locally acceptable on top, but I bet we have tailors on call who'll be able
to produce something that -looks- acceptable but allows you to keep your
preferences beneath it."

I make eye contact with Samson.

"Doable with multiple copies of the blouse, sir?"

To my great relief, Samson grins.

"Absolutely and that makes complete sense. Yeager, please indicate on your
calendar when you'll be available for a fitting."

^Z

(I continue to spend my time between the PM work, the firing range, and my
cat but the tailoring work seems to be working out nicely too)

fg

So, she can have a blouse over her usual outfit.

Long skirt too.

Unedrneath said blouse is a vest that would normally be a corset, but we're
talking about hot agreement rather than normally understanding.

Such is life. I'd much prefer proper clothes than this camo bullshit.

Time to get on the chopper.
