Four of us in a Land Rover, heading out to destinations previously known.

Melissa Carter, agent in charge, suited and booted and ready to do battle
with foolish HR departments anywhere.

Rob Morgan, shaven headed and punk dressed, paramedic by earlier profession
with a case between his legs, ready and waiting for anything he might have
to deal with.

Gareth Bishop, driving, flinging that Landy back and forth like he may have
learned how to do so during some truly interesting situations.

And me, Joseph Stark, my first world problems including being the fucking
new guy of this team and hoping I'll be more useful than baggage.

Of course, that isn't where I started.

^Z

(you're going to be a new field agent they said ... here's your first
assignment they said ...)

fg

Turns out we're going to Leeds and it's going to be Fun Times once we get
there.

Because what the Department had there already is basically an Undeground
Railroad - minimally supernatural kids who couldn't defend themselves, but
apparently we're going to try.

Except they've been discovered, so now they're screwed, so now we're en
route.

Sounds like fun to me except the whole thing of discovered by *whom*?

Because I'm pretty cool with the idea in theory but I would really like to
have some idea what I'm dealing with in practice.

Mean time, there's the drive to survive.

^Z

(you do not want to know about the argument about driving music)

fg

"What are we intended to do when we get there?" I ask.

"We pull them out." replies Carter.

"Yes but ... how, exactly?"

"We pull them out."

"I got that, but-"

"Ma'am, we have to have a plan as to how" says Morgan.

"I ... I know that, but we'll figure it out when we get there."

"Shouldn't we figure that out in advance?" I suggest.

"How, exactly, Stark, will you have any idea how to pull them out without
us already being there and knowing exactly what the relevant problems are?"

... much though I dislike that, she does rather have a point.

"So what do we know, ma'am?"

"They're sure they've been compromised, they know we can provide them with
a viable safe house to move to, and we're the team delegated to get them to
there."

"This is going to suck" says Morgan.

I can't disagree.

"Let me explain", says Carter, "we are psions - a baseline of human but with
the addition of at least a certain level of psionic powers - but we are far
from the first or the easiest of people to discover this, humanity already
has hedge witches or other oddities and there's also, of course, the part
wolves and the magic users and all sorts of things.

"We're far from the strongest or the strangest thing around, but
we at least have enough skill to fight back, but so many of the relevant
possibilities don't, so the Department looks after them because nobody else
will.

"That's who we are. That's who we choose to be. Join me or go home."
