(something's been nagging at me as I triage the ticket queue and half an hour
before we're due to report back for planning I finally realise what it is)

fg

[Stark] We were apparently tipped off by captured comm traffic. If we can
  capture that, why don't we have more detailed intel from the same comms?
[Holt] *claps* I thought you'd never ask.
[Stark] Yes, yes, it should've occured to me sooner. Now spill, please?
[Holt] Taps on MANAP, LONAP and LINX, Stark - if it goes across the UK
  internet between providers we've probably got keyword matching running
  against it.
[Stark] ... and of course we can tap for words, or for phrases, but a full
  analysis of the datastream in question would be prohibitively expensive
  unless/until we've already decided that's necessary.
[Holt] And justifiable compute-wise. There are plenty of other approaches.
[Stark] Which are?
[Holt] Think, Stark, and get back to the bloody ticket queue so I don't leave
  too much of a mess for you to clean up when you get back. Then ask for those
  approaches at your all too soon for my tastes kickoff meeting.
[Stark] ... verstanden.

^Z

(I should really have started pondering that already ... fortunately, a shot
of talisker in my coffee and a half hour of cleaning up is quite conducive to
the relevant thought processes)

fg

"Welcome back, gentlemen."

Carter is -amazingly- well put together - women's pantsuit, hair longish
but in a perfectly organised ponytail, smart shoes without heels that are
clearly intensely practical but still elegant.

"As I know a number of you already know, my name is Melissa Carter.

"When I'm not moonlighting in the field, I'm a department HR specialist."

I twitch ... I remember the first time I heard Walker ask a question of HR
and what followed ... but that's not exactly her fault, so I suppress it as
best I can.

"Our other colleagues in this room would be Rob Morgan, ex-paramedic and
vitakinetic," (the bald dude in the cut-off T-shirt nods acknowledgement),
"Gareth Bishop, once of the British special forces and an expert driver among
other skills," (Bishop inclines his head), "and Joseph Stark, software
consultant, elecrokinetic, and relatively new to us but so far as I hear
punching rather impressively above his weight for his time with the
Department."

I blink.

I'd blush, but then I remember how close I came to getting killed, twice,
during my first encounter with these people, and instead lay my hands flat
on the table and nod myself.

Morgan and Bishop both make eye contact and nod themselves. There's something
... collegial ... about the body language. I'm still absolutely the
Fucking New Guy and they're not trying to hide that opinion, but it feels
like my adventures so far have bought me ... something. Not sure what yet.

"Pleased to meet all of you." I hope that's enough. I suspect it is given:

"Right, introductions are done with, we have an operation to plan. Hedge
witch group, threatened by whitenats, assumption there's something far
worse than a bunch of whitenats coming after them, materiel requests to be
in tonight and deployment tomorrow, talk to me people."

"Ma'am ... sorry, Ms. Carter ... sorry, I'm not sure which you'd prefer."

"Yes, Stark, I'm aware you're working for Holt. Either is fine by me."

I blink again, though frankly I shouldn't be surprised at this point, it's
not like Holt's a shrinking violet or anything but obvious to people she
works with.

"Well, ma'am, we got our initial hint through the department's mass
surveillance, but if they were talking on interceptable communications
about such things it seems to me there's a good chance there's a
(metaphorical) paper trail somewhere that should give us a much better idea
of what our operational parameters are going to be."

"Huh." (the first word I've ever heard from Morgan)

"Point," (says Carter), "but where and/or how exactly are we supposed to get
that data at short notice?"

"I'm not entirely sure, but I have some theories as to where we might?"

She nods at me to go ahead.

"Whitenat groups are pretty well known for spectacularly useless opsec and
even worse vetting of new members in their chatrooms. So if they're capable
of mustering enough people to be a problem on the ground, they've almost
certainly got at least one Special Branch member in there, at least one MI5
agent in there, probably more than one antifa activist, and it wouldn't
surprise me if GCHQ have a trace on the entire feed from the thing."

"Do you have a suggestion, Mister Stark?"

"That we plan expecting we'll have this information by go time tomorrow,
because if we can't get it via any of the routes I describe I'll do my best
to get it myself, and honestly not having that data would very firmly be in
the 'plan B' category so let's allow for it but prefer not to need to."

"And why, exactly, do you think we'll have this information by then?"

"Because it's clear to me that everybody else involved has experience in the
field and I don't, so I figure that this side of things is going to be my
bailiwick and I do have at least a moderate level of confidence in my own
skills."

"Well, Stark, given your plan B was the only plan we had before now and
you're not wrong about your lack of field experience, I see no reason not to
give you your head in this regard.

"Any objections?"

Morgan and Bishop look at each other, and I mentally brace for impact.

"Sounds good to me." Bishop is clearly grinning as he says this - maybe
because it means I won't be in his way, maybe not, I don't mind either way
to be honest - and Morgan is clearly comfortable following Bishop's lead.

Carter takes the meeting back over.

"OK, next thing, how do we go in?"

"You said 'Special Branch warrant cards all around' if I recall?"

"Yes, I did, Stark." Her voice drips ... not exactly contempt, but clearly
a certainty that I've missed something important. "How exactly do you think
that would go over with a traveler encampment with a bunch of hedge witches
at its centre?"

... shit. She wasn't wrong.

"Ah. Point. Sorry."

There's a few moments of silence and then Bishop cuts in.

"Suggestion, ma'am - all four of us carry the cards in case, but Stark and
I go suited and booted and you and Morgan go casual, that way you can make
the contact and we can wait with the Landy."

"That ... is not actually a bad idea, Bishop. I can't say I'm convinced a
priori that Stark could dress down even if he tried."

I wince, but honestly not because I think she's wrong about that either.

"Plus," Morgan has a fairly northern accent though this is the first time
I've heard him say more than a syllable, "if you need to convince them we're
the real deal having me along is probably less scary than you doing it
yourself." There's a short pause. "Ma'am."

"Alright, gentlemen, this sounds like a start. Morgan, figure out what first
aid supplies you're going to want. Bishop, figure out what plan Z supplies
you think we can get away with. Stark, go try and get us as much intel as
you can."

She looks at us all, challenging, and all three of us remain silent.

"Dismissed."

We all get going.

^Z
