Requisitions:

Stark:
  - warrant card plus backup
  - two full suits (with suit bags)
  - two pairs of non-suit-grade smart shirt and slacks
  - one decent male-coded single arm bag
  - one rucksack grade shoulder bag
  - keys and keychain
  - department grade wallet
  - department grade laptop with a SIM card fitted for mobile data
  - multitool with built in screwdriver set

Carter:
  - warrant card plus backup
  - one smart pantsuit
  - two adaptable full length dresses
  - one pair of jeans and running top
  - one decent female-coded single arm bag
  - one rucksack grade shoulder bag
  - keys and keychain
  - department grade wallet
  - one of whatever Stark asked for computer wise
  - comprehensive makeup kit and two different colours of hair dye

Morgan:
  - warrant card plus backup
  - as much of the contents of the average ambulance as you can fit into
    a box in the boot of a landy
  - two pairs of jeans and a T-shirt with cut-off arms
  - "I think I was supposed to have a suit just in case"
  - a decent sized two shoulder rucksack
  - keys and keychain
  - department grade wallet
  - fingerprint-proof coated kukri knife with sheath

Bishop:
  - warrant card plus backup
  - exceedingly well tailored suit "so I don't look like a gorilla"
  - two suit bags
  - jeans and a T-shirt at least twice
  - straight up actual rucking grade rucksack
  - probably has a department wallet attached but don't argue
  - has his own box but best not to ask what's in it

And before you ask about handguns, what do you think we are? Americans?

More seriously, if we ever hit a problem where handguns would be useful,
it's time to retreat and call back to HQ to deploy people more suitable to
the problem. Especially because if our powers aren't sufficient to the task
we're probably dealing with something powerful enough a handgun isn't going
to help.

There's a reason Walker has a tendency to refer to them as popguns.

Even more seriously, even if we don't hit that problem, no, we would really
rather not piss off Five - or spend hours explaining what the hell we're
doing with a warrant card and a weapon to the kind people at special branch
who let us have the cards in the first place.

Our alliances are essential to our survival and I already annoyed GCHQ last
week and just because -that- happened to work out well in the end doesn't
mean taking such a risk again with a major security service is a remotely
good idea.

Intelligence:

"What have you got for us, Stark?"

"Quite a bit, ma'am."

"Well, get on with it. I've ordered us chinese but we're all going to want
an early night tonight, I suspect."

"Before I get into the details, is there any reason we can't set out earlier
than tomorrow?"

Carter fixes me with a look.

"And why exactly would that be a relevant question, Stark?"

"Because if I'm right and we set out tomorrow evening as planned, there's
a good chance we'll arrive too late."

Carter blinks, holds up a hand to forestall further comment for the moment,
and closes her eyes.

This is, frankly, really quite creepy. On the other hand, I -did- already
pretty much know that "HR specialist" in this outfit meant telepath in
practice, and a prompt answer to my question is probably an excellent idea.

Around thirty seconds later, Carter re-opens her eyes.

"Make your case but if it's convincing, yes, Samson agrees we can leave at
whatever time tomorrow I think is best."

"Appreciated."

Now I just have to distill four hours of frantic research with a little
assistance from the Department's contacts, Holt's paranoia, and a touch of
electrickery into something that will make sense.

I stand up and walk to the front of the conference room - I didn't have time
to make slides but I'm much more comfortable addressing people stood at the
head of the room, even if I only have an audience of three in this case.

"Firstly, while I'm aware we were already pretty sure, the group in question
is almost certainly hedge witches."

"And you know this how?"

"Holt pulled the last few months' appointment data from the local NHS trust,
and while everything else is basically steady, GP appointment requests for
minor ailments dipped noticeably in the patient population in working class
areas."

"So?" ... Carter is a non-trivial audience.

"I am reliably informed that's a standard pattern - the middle class and
higher prefer their holistic medicine from somebody with a fancy office and
a commensurate price sheet, but when a hedge witch group rolls into town
the less pretentious people are more than happy to take their minor ailments
there - if nothing else you get a longer audience and some sympathy along
with your mostly pointless treatment, and NHS general practitioners just
don't have the time for that these days."

Everybody nods at that, so I continue.

"Secondly, yes there appear to be a couple of Special Branch lads in the
organisation somewhere, but they're about as tech savvy as any other british
copper so they're not really privy to the planning side.

"Fortunately, their main chatroom does contain at least one OSINT antifa
infiltrator who's streaming it in real time back to their organisation's
servers. Which we now have access to."

"How did you get them to share?" Morgan sounds genuinely curious. I grin.

"I didn't. But their logs are streaming merrily away to a sacrificial
server out on the internet set up for that purpose nonetheless - shouldn't
be traceable to us and we can trivially arrange for it to self destruct once
we're done with it."

Carter maintains a poker face but Bishop and Morgan both crack the barest
hints of a smile.

"Chatter from there says they're going to go in shortly after sundown
tomorrow - but they've switched to phone to phone encrypted communications
for the final details so unless one of the Special Branch lads gets invited
I can't tell you where the rendezvous point will be in advance."

Carter looks like she's about to ask another pointed question but this time
it's my turn to hold a hand up.

"On the upside, because these people are idiots, all the services they're
using require registration by mobile phone number. So I have another
sacrificial temporary server that's receiving real time logs of their
phones' locations and notifications any time one of them sends encrypted
data to another of them - courtesy of the lovely people over at GCHQ.

"The trick's going to be to spot them congregating and then spot when they
get on the move - we're still going to be stuck being more reactive than
anybody might like but if they travel the last mile to their target on foot
then I can at least give us -some- warning."

Bishop chimes in: "There's only really one viable road to that camp. Given
you and I aren't expecting to go up there anyway, I'm sure we can find a
lovely and scenic spot to park.

"Just if we hear vehicles coming up that road, put your seat belt on, ok
Stark? Department Land Rovers are really quite impressively robust but
relatively speaking you and I most certainly aren't."

I crack a grin at his deadpan delivery of what's clearly an intent to ram
people off the road if it turns out to be convenient, and so does Morgan.

"I think that about covers what I've learned so far - I would hope I can
provide some sort of access to this data that's actually useful to the
rest of you but I didn't have time to do anything except process it raw
so far. Assuming I can, it's going to be a bit tight, so expect me to
be finishing it off on the drive down."

"That's quite alright, Stark, though I'd like access to the chatroom
traffic as is to review for tactical planning."

"Should already be available to all four of our Department accounts. Unless
Holt made a mistake, which ..."

I don't have to finish that particular sentence with this audience.

Before anybody says anything else, there's a knock at the door, and I go
and open it to find Ms. Wei holding several large bags that are emitting
quite spectacular scents of food.

I place my forearm across my waist and give her the slightest of bows, and
she grins hugely and hands me the bags, then as is her wont departs without
a word.

"Right. Stark. Let's get that unpacked and get some food into us, it's seven
o'clock already and since it sounds to me like we -are- leaving early then
my instructions about getting an early night go double. Eight AM here
tomorrow, I think, that'll give us four hours for tactical planning and we
can still get started at midday."

The other three of us give Carter our most restrained kicked puppy looks at
the idea of eight in the morning, but much to our mutual aggravation she
once again has a point.

I start pulling bags open and Carter starts spreading the food out across
the conference room table for us (the fact she's doing it herself marks her
in my mind as a team lead, not a manager, at least).

Then we all settle in to eat.

^Z

(and now finally we have a moment for what Carter called 'the pleasantries',
and we all chat idly as we work our way through our preferred subset of the
feast before us, then it's off to our respective homes for the mandated
early night)
