At midday, we duly get going.

I was sat in the conference room while the tactical planning was going on,
but I can't say I paid a lot of attention, the first hour or so because an
8am start required a *lot* of caffeine for my brain to start firing on more
than one cylinder (thank you Ms. Wei) and the rest because I was trying to
figure out how to turn my sacrificial VM's mobile phone geodata into something
people who weren't me could interpret.

The trick is to plot it on a map in real time, dots where if you mouse over
or tap on them they come up with a contact card of whatever we know about that
phone (which is variable.)

Then you set gates for movement. Specifically movement of multiple contacts,
if a cluster of those contacts within a specific area starts moving in the
same direction at the same time, an alert gets generated.

It's going to be janky as fuck and probably also lossy as fuck because I
really don't have that much time, I'm writing the movement gating code in
the Landy on the way down but it'll be 100% better than nothing and I'll
be monitoring the raw data at all times to compensate for whatever stupid
mistakes I've inevitably made.

Carter is sat in the front with Bishop, as is her right, and Morgan is
apparently already well conscious that bothering me would not be remotely
useful and just looks out the window and stays the fuck quiet, which I very
much appreciate.

I get a horrible hack that will -probably- work put together and the details
uploaded to the department internal network a handful of minutes before we
get to our destination.

Emphasis on probably.

"Grab this URL, everybody, it's the best you're going to get for the moment,
but -please- listen to me because this is an expedient field hack and I fully
expect a stupid mistake of mine to break it at the least helpful moment."

Morgan nods and sets his phone up. Carter sets hers up, and then looks over
at Bishop, who nods, and pulls his phone from the dashboard to do the same
with it while he keeps driving.

^Z

(still not fond of the risk of life and limb but these are exceedingly
sensible colleagues)

fg

We park up three quarters of the way up the path to the hedge witch camp -
Bishop and I are wearing suits and that's just not going to go down well so
we're staying here.

Carter and Morgan exit the vehicle, and then before they start walking she
says "gentlemen, please relax for a moment."

This is not an entirely comfortable request coming from a telepath, but in
for a penny, in for a pound, so I do my best.

A few seconds later, my vision swims, I feel the edge of a headache, I wonder
if I'm going to vomit ... and then it clears and I can see through her eyes
as well as my own.

"First time, Stark?"

I think that was Morgan, though I'm sufficiently disoriented I'm not sure.

"Yes, fucking hell, what the fuck is this?!"

"Link. Need you to know what's going on. I know it's uncomfortable right now
but you'll get used to it."

(that one was definitely Carter, she doesn't exactly sound sympathetic but
she does sound like she's aware of the discombobulation involved at least)

"OK, Morgan, let's walk."

And they head up the path towards the camp.

^Z

(that was, in hindsight, a smart idea, because by the time they get to the
camp my head's stopped swimming ... though the sympathetic looks from Bishop
as I adjusted absolutely helped)

fg

"Who the fuck are you?"

Apparently the camp's point guards aren't about to beat about the bush.

"You're going to be attacked by violent white nationalists in" *Carter checks
her watch* "about three hours. We're the cavalry."

"What?"

"Don't worry, gentlemen, I didn't expect you to believe us. Morgan?"

That's when Morgan pulls out a bigass knife (not, btw, the kukri, apparently
he has a personal big knife as well) and slashes right down his exposed
forearm.

They stare at the amount of blood - and so would I have done if I was there -
and then he -grins- at them and the wound ... heals.

"So, gentleman, would you be interested in letting us help?"

One of the guards runs back into the main camp to get further guidance.

^Z

(oh shit, that's what Morgan meant about being convincing ... nicely done)

fg

Turns out that was just convincing enough and they get let into the camp.

"There is an attack coming. We came here because we want it to fail."

"He proved his credentials, what about yours?" responds one of the elders.

Before she can say anything, Morgan responds "And I'm vouching for her.
Let's not, we don't honestly have the time."

Some looks are exchanged and the point is accepted.

She checks her phone and I already know, the arseholes are massing to one
side of the camp. Time to get started.

"Gentlemen, the attack is going to come from -that- direction, let's get as
many of your vehicles as possible facing that way."

"What?"

"Look, am I going to have to duel one of you to make the point? Because I
don't want to, I want to deal with them. But trust me, this will work."

(Morgan is remarkably relaxed about this statement, I'm not sure if it's
because he's sure he'll win or because he thinks it would be fun to try,
but either way they listen)

Vehicles are duly re-arranged.

A half hour later, night having fallen, they charge.

And as they get half way up the hill to the camp the teenagers in each of
the vehicles turn their headlights on full beam and now everybody charging
upwards has no night vision anymore.

And -now- the defenders charge.

^Z

(this all takes place in mostly darkness but I'll describe it as best I can)

fg

This really isn't a fair fight.

Then again, it wasn't intended to be.

The aggressors are half blinded, the other side are defending their homes,
and they're being led into battle by Morgan.

I'd say "an angry Morgan" but I'm genuinely not sure whether he's actually
angry or he's just enjoying himself ... but I'm sure it's all the same to
them.

He has what I later learn is a bowie knife in one hand and the kukri in the
other.

Stab up the under of the ribcage of one idiot, pull it out before it wedges,
then swing the kukri to slash the throat of the next one.

I am honestly a little scared of just how much he's enjoying himself, but
he's in the lead of the hedge witch camp with the rest of the adults
following him and oh -my- did that whitenat group end up regretting their
life choices in terms of the sponsors they'd been dispatched by.

It's both spectacular and horrible, and I respect Carter's ability to watch
the entire thing with equanimity. But I am not Carter.

^Z

(and when it's done, I get out of the Landy and vomit copiously, with
Bishop just leaving me be to deal with that and no judgement and offering
me a bottle of water when I get back in)

fg

"Bishop, Stark, we -definitely- need to get these people out of here, go
find us transport."

Whether the most urgent threat model is local police attention due to the
amount of blood on the ground now, or a second such attack ... fair.

We go.
