"I've been asked to find transport for a coachload of people, any suggestions?"

Bishop's on the phone back to HQ.

There's some scratchy noises from the other end of the phone.

"I'll be in town in about 20 minutes, so by then would be really helpful."

Louder unhappy scratchy noises ensue.

"Look, I didn't get any more warning either, I'm well aware this isn't ideal,
but -I- didn't get a choice about this so cut me a fucking break please."

Annoyed but less angry scratchy noises.

"I have our new electrokinetic with me, I'm not expecting a legal option,
merely -somewhere- we can acquire the necessary hardware."

Still annoyed but more resigned scratchy noises.

"Yes, thank you, I never claimed this was great but we have to make this
work pretty quickly or people are going to die."

Resigned and grumbly scratchy noises.

"Yes, I agree with you, get back to me as soon as you have a candidate
please, I'm already on the road."

Bishop hangs up.

^Z

(he clearly isn't happy, his contact at HQ isn't happy, I'm completely
lost ... welcome to field work I guess?)

fg

The call back comes as we hit the edge of town.

"Coach park? Yeah, I think we can work with that."

Bishop parks the phone for a minute.

"Stark? Can you work with that?"

"Do we have any other options?"

"Not really."

"Then ... hopefully. Let's give it a go."

"Fair."

Bishop picks the phone back up and gives an ack.

Fair enough, let's see what we can scavenge.

...

When we get there, there's a giant steel shutter between us and the
vehicles, and a keypad next to it.

"Don't worry, Stark, this is a cheap keypad, I'll handle this one."

I stand clear as Bishop dusts the thing and then grins at me.

"So, you see, Stark," he says as he presses buttons, "the cheap ones don't
actually enforce the code to be provided in the right order, so all you
need is -which- buttons are involved and the fingertip grease tells you that
all on its own, and so -"

The steel shutter rises and we walk in.

...

This is a huge warehouse full of bus shaped and coach shaped vehicles.

We both spend a while wandering around looking at what's going to be most
useful to the situation at hand.

After a couple of minutes, we both converge on the same cross country
coach - massive passenger compartment up top, massive luggage compartment
below, mediocre but serviceable chemical toilet built in if required.

This thing is going to do the job fine once we steal it.

We look at each other, grin, and are about to get to it, and naturally
that's when somebody tries to kill us.

^Z

(you'd think by now people trying to kill me wouldn't be -that- surprising
but old habits die hard, okay?)

fg

Some arsehole in a suit (inferior to mine, let alone to Samson's) comes
around the corner of the coach we're both looking at and then suddenly
there's a -crack- sound and Bishop yells "get down!"

I drop to my knees, fortunately for me something I have some practice at,
and put my hands over my head as a bunch of chunks of concrete from the
ceiling rain down on me and the surrounding area.

It still hurts, but I'm very definitely conscious by the time this particular
rain ends and exceedingly angry.

Thing is, I'm still starting to figure out how to hurt this arsehole when
it becomes academic.

There's a blur in my peripheral vision as Bishop picks something up and
throws it hard and with devastating accuracy and the arsehole folds like a
sack of potatoes.

"What the fuck?"

"Thanks for listening to me, sir, he just tried to drop the roof on us.

"Thing is, firstly, you listened so you're bruised but otherwise largely
unharmed. Secondly, he dropped a bunch of relatively small chunks of concrete
on us and I really did enjoy my cricket at high school."

Ah. Well.

I guess that was an 'out' then.

As in "Bishop just fast bowled a chunk of concrete at his head and knocked
him the fuck unconcious" sort of 'out'.

"We're going to have to move fairly soon though, Stark, can you please audit
what we have in the Land Rover while I sort things out here?"

^Z

(of course I can go through everything, I hate doing inventory but it's
sometimes an absolute necessity professionally so you learn how to do it
and not complain too much)

fg

I come back to where we were and ... the amount of blood on the floor really
does not strike me as how much I would've expected from when I left.

I don't think I was sent for that audit to do inventory so much as an
appropriate reason to ensure I didn't have to watch.

I am very sure he wasn't conscious when I went to do that audit. The
additional quantity of blood strongly suggests that there is now a corpse
stashed ... somewhere ... around here.

Very much not going to argue, mind.

He would've happily killed me otherwise ... and Bishop was right, I'm happy
not to have had to watch.

...

Meanwhile, we're back at the coach.

It is, indeed, pretty much the perfect bit of kit for what we have in mind,
but it's also half mothballed and nobody has a key.

Worst case scenario, Bishop has a screwdriver and can barrel the lock
comfortably, but life will be simpler if we don't do that.

And really, what the fuck am I here for?

I close my eyes and concentrate ... and the inside of the coach looms large
inside my head ... connected systems, simple enough because, well, it's a
fucking coach, not anything clever, and an old one at that ... but
honestly compared to my usual commercial experience, a beautiful elegance.

A few sparks here and there, and the coach comes to life.

Now we're ready to move ... except for one misunderstanding.

^Z

(somebody really should've checked this with me, and I'm about to feel
really sorry for Bishop finding this one out unexpectedly)

fg

"So, Stark, I'll be driving the coach, you bring the Land Rover back"

"Um ... Bishop, I don't drive."

He bites down a curse, and if nobody had warned him, I don't blame him in
the slightest.

"Fuck. Ok. We'll sort it out, guess I'll have to send Morgan back for the
Land Rover."

"Sorry about that."

"You got the thing started, you did your part, I'm not annoyed at you, sir,
merely at not having been warned."

"You still have my apologies."

"Yes, yes, Stark, not your fault, now get into the damn bus."
