Hedge mage camp loaded, luggage below, humans above, and we're on the road.

(with Morgan driving the Land Rover ahead of us for I hope obvious reasons)

I'm still suited and booted, Carter's in the seat next to me in her smartest
civvies, and Bishop's driving with his suit bag hung just behind the driver's
seat.

Should all work fine in theory and for a couple hours it even does.

^Z

(it was all really quite elegant for an hour or two and I even managed to
doze for a bit)

fg

"Stark, wake the fuck up, -now-" ... that's Carter's voice, it's a good
assumption that she is not fucking kidding.

I snap awake.

"Ma'am?"

"Something is coming up behind us, don't know what yet. Bishop!"

We're traveling along some sort of rural back road, hedges on each side, so
Bishop slews the coach so it blocks the entire road and -then- slams it into
park and puts the full set of brakes on.

"Morgan, this is Carter, I'm sending you the civilians, keep them out of the
way."

So now we have to make these poor bastards move again.

They've already abandoned every one of their possessions that couldn't get
jammed onto the damn bus, and now we're asking them to abandon those.

Then again, right now we're asking them to live, everything else can be
(and if I know the Department, will be) dealt with later as required.

Carter and I harass the hedge camp people out of the coach doors on the far
side and towards where Morgan is with the department landy. Not perfect but
that coach is a fucking solid block of "will probably survive anything -we-
can survive" so it's about as good as they're going to get.

Bishop already went out the door to find a suitable spot in the hedge.

With his suit bag, which ... I don't understand yet, but will later.

Two minutes later, our opposition rounds the corner.

Carter and I have to throw ourselves under seats on the opposite side of the
coach as a terminator-ass stupid shit thing sprays rounds in our direction.

My very brief look says "ok, that ... what the flying fuck is that, it
looks like a half human half machine thing except the right arm has been
replaced by some sort of rotary cannon and ... what."

Carter, sensibly, tries to break whatever the fuck it is, and visibly comes
out with no success and also a headache. She gives -me- a look and I try to
break whatever the fuck it is as a computing thing, and that just leaves me
with a headache as well.

If it fires another full volley, it's either going to perforate us both, or
it's going to basically completely destroy the luggage we promised we'd
look after.

Neither seems particularly acceptable, and I rather wish I had Morgan and his
knives to hand, but Carter was right to send him to keep an eye on the kids
so if we fail there's somebody sufficiently capable of looking after them.

So there's only one choice left.

Time to try a trick I only learned more recently - Holt taught me the basics
here but would -not- approve but I don't have time to care just now.

I stand up and grin at it, weird arse cyborg thingy but one of its arms is,
after all, a rotary cannon and that's the thing that's going to be the
problem.

It starts spinning it up to kill me and I reach out and I am -really- angry
right now because you are trying to kill a bunch of kids just for being
weird ...

... and reality dissolves, all that is in my head is the inside of this
thing, and it's so alien, part human, part machine, it's not honestly
any surprise that Carter and I both came away with a headache ...

... but that fucking gun, -that- is pure technology and that's -mine- so
I reach out and blow every single fuse and melt every single wire ...

...  and it looks really fucking confused as the gun spins down and it can't
do anything about it.

As it tries to figure out what to do next, Bishop steps out of the hedge.

My "expertise" is such that the only description I can give you here is
"that's a fucking bigass shotgun" but whatever the hell it is, Bishop hits
it in the head, pumps, hits in the head again, pumps, hits it in the head
again, pumps, hits it in centre mass.

^Z

(oh, -that- was what Bishop had been carrying in his suit bag)

fg

Whatever the fuck that thing was ... it falls over. Hopefully permanently.

I may have helped; given it was trying to kill all of us, fine by me.

Interesting opponent though, so Carter wants it brought back for analysis.

Thus ensues a ... debate ... amongst the department agents, as to how safe
such a policy would be.

We ... compromise ... by letting Morgan 'make it safe'.

He takes great pleasure in doing so - and given a certain amount of effort
with his knives happily provides a head, torso, legs, and arms that would
still permit most research interests without significant worrying.

This is, of course, done -after- we'd got everybody else onto the (only
mildly perforated) coach. Just because we wanted the results didn't mean we
wanted any of them to have to see that ... I mean, I don't really
want to see that either, but sometimes you just have to roll with it.

Then we load the parts into the landy in assorted bags for him to drive
back to headquarters, because Carter wasn't wrong as to how useful those
would potentially be, even post vivisection.

All else sorted, the relocation coach drives on into the night.
