"Nicely done, people."

Samson is apparently impressed with our achievement.

"With respect, how the fuck did we convince the hedge mages to move?"

I feel this is a not unreasonable question to ask.

"Because the rest of their belongings followed along." (Carter)

"Uh ... how?"

"Because we asked some friends to clean up that field and move everything
else."

"What?"

"Let me introduce you to a friend of ours."

A man walks into the conference room wearing a djeleba and says "Good to see
you again, Mister Stark!"

I have no idea who he is and give him a blank look. He laughs.

Then he turns away from me, pulls the djeleba over his head revealing some
quite impressive buttocks, and shivers ... and then his thighs bulk out, his
shoulders bulk out, and everything starts to grow fur at some length.

He turns back and grins at me and it's one of the wolfmen I'd met previously.

"Mister Stark, you cared quite substiantially about weird kids deserving their
right to self defence; we appreciated that and are confident that if any such
future situation occurs you'll do the same ... so helping with the same thing
from a different direction does not, in fact, bother us in the slightest"

I blink.

"Ah."

"In any case, we are aware of exactly who and what those people were, their
timely deaths struck us as a good thing. So we disposed of the bodies and
then transported the belongings with great joy."

"There weren't any survivors?"

"Our young that you saved took great enjoyment in ensuring that, Mister
Stark."

The wolfman laughs in evident pleasure. I ... maintain a fixed smile while
I remind myself that yes, apparently I do have a gag reflex, but this is not
really the best moment for anybody else to learn that.

"Your efforts are much appreciated, sir - I don't want to think about how
much trickier things would have been if we'd had to defend against the
opposition in place."

"Of -course-, Mister Stark, and you are very welcome. In any case, we already
have an agreement to be provided with all the research materials that come
from the ... thing ... you were kind enough to defang so it could be brought
down by your warrior. That in itself is more thanks then we needed."

... this is possibly the weirdest conversation of my life.

I take a moment to think of the buttocks to help myself calm down.

"I am glad ... that everything has worked out."

"Oh, it has indeed, Mister Stark, and should those poor people come under
assault in the future, we would be delighted to assist ... though next time,
please do invite us to the party rather than merely the aftermath."

I cough. The wolfman laughs again.

"Don't worry, Mister Stark, we do understand you are not by nature a man of
violence, this is an offer for the ears of your masters, to be called in as
-they- see fit.

"You ... you would not, and the fact you have done these things in -spite- of
not being that person speaks to your credit."

... I think I want a drink.

--

"So, Stark, I hear you're a hero."

"Uh ... not intentionally, Holt, but apparently, nonetheless."

She gives a long suffering sigh.

"Fine, but try not to do it again."

"Oh, come on, Holt, I lived."

"Barely."

"In this line of work, is there any other sort?"

Her glare is impressive ... but after a few seconds she relents.

"Not wrong, but still, try not to do it again, Stark."

"Fair."

"Incidentally, I've been monitoring your home surveillance system. Make sure
you find a fresh set of sheets when you get in."

"What?"

"You heard me, Stark. Now go home."

^Z

(the ... expression of feline displeasure ... across my bed ... was indeed
significant and worthy of a fresh set of sheets)

fg

The following morning I still have time for one coffee in reception ... but
am then immediately dragged into a meeting.

Walker, Samson, Holt and Carter ... sure, this isn't terrifying at all.

It doesn't help that I feel like a spectator.

Walker: "So, he did fine?"

Samson: "More than fine."

Carter: "I'd be glad to have him with me again."

Holt: "But -"

Walker: "I know, Holt, but you can't be the only one we send into the field
forever."

Samson: "And frankly, Holt, he showed more of a sense of self preservation
than you usually do."

Carter: "Bishop said similarly."

Holt: ... *glares* ... "reluctantly, I withdraw my objections."

Walker turns to me.

"So, field agent?"

"I ... think I can hold down the project management side if I average two
days out of five in the office ... but provided I can have that? Sure."

"Good man. There'll be a bottle of Talisker and a bag of catnip waiting for
you when you get home so you can both celebrate.

"Meanwhile, Carter, Stark, take the rest of the day off, your entire team
has earned it.

"Holt, feel free to stay afterwards and yell at me and Samson as much as you
need to, the decision is unlikely to change but you've more than earned the
right to vent.

"Carter, Stark ... dismissed."

We go.

... and after a seriously fucked up couple of days, a bottle of single malt
and a stoned as fuck cat is a great way to chill out.

^Z
