I'm in the office the next day early if not bright.

Happily, Ms. Mei at the front desk continues to have coffee for me to add on
to my hotel breakfast's lacklustre offerings.

Walker takes longer to answer her page than usual but is down around the time
I start my second cup.

"Good morning, Stark, come and join me in my office, please."

I follow him down the hall to ... huh, I've never actually seen -his- office
before. Curious.

It's a window office with a pair of extra external air vents built into the
same wall as the window - otherwise unusual.

He settles behind his desk and gestures me into the chair in front.

"So, the past couple of days have hardly been a sensible initiation, but
believe me that every member of my staff who's aware has been glad to have
you with us. Drink?"

I blink, given it's about ten in the morning. He grins and continues.

"We're not big enough to stand on ceremony around here and saving a couple
hundred lives does count with the rest of my team, so, drink?"

There's a bottle of Talisker in his hand and I'm not sure how it got there.

"Sure, boss, so long as the coffee keeps coming I'd imagine I can survive a
top up."

*glug*

"You've been shot at, done clever shit at zero notice, been dragged out into
the field, shot at again, and helped us win. I expect exactly zero
productivity out of you today and in any case you're getting off at two so
you can supervise the movers."

"Movers, boss?"

Walker gives me a look.

"You conditioned your contract extension on more permanent accommodation.
It'll be ready by two, your belongings will arrive by three, and your cat
will arrive around five."

I blink.

"Sir, that was ... faster than I would have expected."

"Stark, we never have time for anything so I've learned to move fast. Also,
if you're not going to call me Director, I much prefer 'boss' over 'sir' if
you don't mind."

"Uh ... fair enough, boss."

"Incidentally, before we start anything else, I'd like to show you something."

Walker turns the screen on his desk around and hits a button somewhere.

It switches to a shot of an unknown person (maybe female? the shot is mostly
of their lap) and my cat jumping into said lap and purring her furry little
arse off as she gets petted. I almost get jealous and then realise it's been
quite a few days since I've been away and she's happy and you know what? I
can deal with my own jealousy for that and at least the little bitch won't
have pissed in any of my keyboards this time.

He continues: "I did give you my word she'd have the best of attention I
could arrange in your unfortunately necessary absence. You can ask her
yourself in a few hours, but consider this a down payment on my hoping you'll
believe me to have been true to my word."

"I ... please excuse my surprise, but I believe I can absolutely live with
that s- boss."

"In any case, today is likely the closest to an unexpected day off you're
going to get for some time if our workload continues as expected, but I
thought you might like to ask some questions first?"

"Well, first would obviously be WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO ME?"

"I already said that the details of that will be handled by your new line
manager, my head of IT, who will be back in residence tomorrow."

"Yes, but in general, and please don't make me call you sir to find out."

Walker laughs at me. Not in an unfriendly way. But still.

"Fair point, Stark. We still have no idea why, but a few years back a handful
of humans started exhibiting powers ... do you mind if I smoke?"

"Not at all, boss."

He hits a button and both those exhausts spring to life, puts an ashtray on
his desk, and lights a joint just as big as the last one I saw him holding.

"So, as far as I'm aware I was the first, but it's depressingly likely that
I was the first to survive long enough to do something about it."

He takes a deep drag and continues.

"My specialty appears to be purely kinetic - physical movement, temperature
control, etc. - lovely for gross personal effects of the types that saved
us both some trouble the other night, but not nearly capable of the sort of
work that you did technologically that saved a lot of people a lot of trouble
in the same situation."

I start to open my mouth but he cuts me off.

"I already said I won't discuss your end of things in detail - that will have
to wait for tomorrow when somebody who knows what they're talking about is
around. But did you have any -other- questions?"

I stop and think.

"If you're the first, how the hell is this MI13?"

"The hard way, Stark."

I take a sip of my very nicely adulterated coffee and wait him out.

"How familiar are you with british intelligence agencies and their respective
lords and masters in the cabinet?"

"Only so much as I've been paid to care, to be honest."

"Well, then. Five answers to the Home Office. Six answers to the Foreign and
Commenwealth Office. Being under the aegis of either would have been a
disaster for us, sad to say. So we aren't. Thirteen is incorporated under
the banner of Defence Intelligence - the MoD - but our funding primarily comes
from the Government Digital Service as an IT contractor."

"I ... how the fuck does that work?"

"Government Digital Service comes under the Cabinet Office, and most of our
soi-disant contract work is via collaboration with five and six. Well, and
the various regional police forces' versions of Special Branch. So long as
we don't annoy anybody too much the only person who can easily put us out of
business is the PM, and if the PM even realises we exist, then, well."

...

...

"So ... we're beholden to everybody, and nobody?"

Walker grins.

"That's pretty much the idea. The operation you joined us on was pretty much
entirely me freelancing, but so long as I maintain co-operation with everybody
else and freelance sufficently quietly, I retain the ability to do so."

I take a moment to ponder this, and realise there's a missing name.

"What about GHCQ, boss?"

"They have their own Permanent Secretary but while independent on paper
still come under the aegis of the Foreign Office. We're working on them
though, they've sent a few interesting questions our way and we'd be
delighted to have reciprocal access to their resources in time. But they're
tricky bastards and it's not a sure thing yet."

He settles back in his chair and takes another long toke before carrying on.

"In any case, I hope that gives you an idea of the fun tightrope that I'm
walking here."

"I'm not sure it does, boss, but only because this is quite a lot to take in
just at once."

"Well, fair enough, Stark, but you did ask."

I drain my 'coffee'.

"Now run along and get yourself prepped, you have a move to supervise," he
points out, and once again I am clearly dismissed.

^Z

(the plans and the list of boxes are already available on my laptop, and I
spend the time until two thinking through where to put what)

fg

The apartment is tiny, but it has separate kitchen, main room, bedroom and
bathroom ... and the movers seem almost enthusiastic tesselating my book
shelves against the available walls.

Cat tray arrived along with them and is now settled in the kitchen, so now
it's just a question of waiting ... wait, where did the time go?

There's a knock at the front door, and when I answer it there's a man with
a cat carrier.

"Yours, sir?"

"Yes, please."

Door closed, I look through the carrier door and am greeted with a feline
glare. I open the carrier door and she immediately shoots out and under the
sofa to sulk.

So far, so good.

^Z

(it's only in the morning I notice the coffee machine ... and the coffee)
