Godsdamn it, cat, it was only four days, you do -not- need to be -that-
needy.

... ok, fine, I can be late.

^Z

(anyway, I now have Department grade coffee at home, so it taking a few
minutes more to call for my ride in will not, in fact, make me ready to
work usefully any later than on previous days)

fg

"You're late."

The woman glaring at me has angular cheekbones and piercing blue eyes.

"I'm sorry, ma'am, but my c-"

"Call me ma'am again and I'll have Samson rip one of your legs off. My name
is Holt."

"Stark."

"Do you have a first name, Mister Stark?"

"Do you have a first name, Mister Holt?"

"Yes. Now answer the question."

"Joseph."

"Ekaterina."

"May I go back to calling you Holt now?"

She narrows her eyes for a moment, then visibly relents.

"Very well, Stark."

"I presume this means that you're my new line manager?"

"For my sins."

"Well you certainly don't look likely to tan."

... I mentally wince because I probably shouldn't've said that, but
fortunately for my odds of survival she blinks and then gives a short,
somewhat bitter laugh.

"That wasn't bad, but don't make me like you, Stark. Stephen has been
throwing people at me periodically without properly warning them for a while
and it's almost unseemly at this point."

"You mean I have colleagues?"

"No. I mean you -had- colleagues."

I take a swig of my (non adulterated, mind you) coffee to cover up my
awkwardness at this response and she continues.

"I've been with the department since the beginning - since it was just Stephen
and I - and you are far from the only electrokinetic to hatch since. But you
are the only one I know of who isn't dead."

"Fuck. I'm sorry." (what else is there to say)

"Good. Be sorry by making sure I don't have to attend your funeral as well."

"I ... ma'am - shit - Holt - if nothing else, I pretty much have to make sure
of that because frankly it would probably be a violation of the Geneva
Convention to make anybody else put up with my cat."

This time she only almost laughs. I don't honestly blame her.

"Anyway, first order of business, you're going to take over as much as
possible of the mundane side of our departmental work from me."

As I start to open my mouth, she holds up a hand to pre-empt me.

"Don't worry, I don't mean desktop support, our machine images are solid and
our users aren't idiots or Stephen would've put them out on their ear already.
But our opsec isn't free and you've had plenty of practice at herding cats,
so you just volunteered to be an architect and project manager."

"I'm sorry?"

"We are also Cuniculture Computer Consulting. At least occasionally we do
actually have to do some computer consulting, and to preserve the facade that
means doing the primary co-ordination aspects in house even if we do drop
ship the vast majority of the actual work to Romania."

"Romania?"

"Of course Romania, the developers there are a budgetary rounding error and
they do fantastic work. Ours are mostly in Cluj, hence why the rabbit on the
door is a Transylvania Giant - no, Stark, don't ask now, you can look it up
online later, it'll be just as edifying and you get to look at pictures of
cute giant bunnies on work time - but there needs to be an interface layer
and I've been away for a week so you can image what the relevant inboxes
look like by now."

"Ah." ... I think how to phrase the next part ... "On the upside, this might
be the first task I've been given in this place where I wasn't out of my
depth, and if I need to suck some cock to get clients back on side, that's
hardly outside of my skill set either."

Holt gives me a look.

"I'm aware." ... I brace for a comment I'd rather not hear ... "Stephen showed
me your resume."

"Fair enough. Where do I start?"

^Z

(that ... was intense)

fg

Well, this is a shitshow.

I now apparently have access to the full set of mundane work project
management, ticketing, and source repository tools, plus a link to internal
IM to Holt that I'd really rather not use just yet.

It's not a -bad- shitshow, as such, just the inevitable result of one
overworked mostly-human juggling a dozen plates at once compounded by the
entropy inherent in their not being available for a week on short notice.

I take a deep swig of my coffee and get stuck in.

^Z

(no, I am not going to offer a play by play, I might be good at the project
management side of things but it's -deeply- boring even on the best of days)

fg

Somewhere around three in the afternoon, Ms. Wei opens my door, takes three
quick steps across the room, drops a paper bag on my desk, and is gone just
as quickly without saying a word.

Five minutes later I suddenly realise that it smells really good and now I'm
really hungry and the contents turn out to be a bacon, brie and cranberry
baguette and if that means that as a part of his prep work Walker also had
somebody snoop on my lunch orders this is really not the time to argue.

I wolf it down with great pleasure, and get back to the grind.

^Z

(ticket triage and highly professional cocksucking continues)

fg

By around six, I've got things at least somewhat under control, plus sent
a summary of questions email to Holt of all of the things that I'm still
horribly unsure about.

She wasn't kidding about the Cluj crew being excellent though, and the
Transylvania Giant is absolutely gorgeous.

I go back to writing a set of long form replies that mostly come down to
"we're working on it, here's a bunch of waffle that makes it clear we're
working on it, we'll be giving you a more specific update as to expected
completion date shortly" (which basically means that I've inferred the waffle
from what the developers have told me and am now waiting for them to reply
to more pointed emails asking for the sort of precise updates that developers
hate giving and therefore I have to ask for specifically) and just as I get
close to done a reply comes back to my questions email and a minute or two
after that a carrier bag lands on my desk with a thud.

I look up.

Holt gives me a feral grin.

"Grab bag of chinese, Stark, not sure what your taste is, eat whatever you
like while you're reading the email I just sent you and then get home to
your cat."

"Wha." (I'm so articulate when I'm interrupted from work fugue mode)

"It's seven thirty. You got here at ten. You've got more done today than I
would have done in two even if I hadn't had to brief Stephen on my overseas
adventures. Eat. Read. Then go home. That's an order, Stark."

She turns and stalks out while I'm still trying to process this.

^Z

(naturally the cat was grumpy right up until I started trying to pour a drink
and then was insufferable until I sat down and made my lap available ... I
can, on the whole, live with this as an evening)

(... Stephen. Huh)
