"Welcome to day two, Stark. You already proved you have the talent by
ripping that system to pieces while morons were trying to shoot at you. Now
you have to figure out how to repeat that."

"What?" (Holt already told me not to call her ma'am, I'm not being
unprofessional here, merely utterly fucking lost)

"I've revoked all your access to the department's compute cluster. Keep
doing the project management side to the level of competency that you already
have. Then tell me when you get back in."

Well, bollocks.

^Z

(I'm still not giving you a play by play of the project management side
because it's still fucking boring, suck it up, buttercup)

fg

I'm sat staring at my laptop.

It's a lovely laptop.

It still isn't going to let me in to the compute cluster.

Those systems are really nice, and I -want- my access back. and damn it.

So I keep staring, trying to summon the state of mind that let me drive
through walls and systems and connections, but it's not a thing right now.

Fine then. Back to the ticket queue, I guess.

^Z

(it's shorter now and the Cluj crew are genuinely good at begrudgingly
answering my questions, if this was a normal job I'd be pretty happy about it)

fg

It's 3pm, Ms. Wei left a sandwich in front of me without my noticing an hour
ago that lasted about ten minutes before I wolfed it, and I might actually
be considering writing some code but something is bugging me and I genuinely
don't know what.

I'm handling some data from one of five's external sources and that part's
not a problem, I'll forget anything I read an hour after I've sent the
analysis off, but something is fucking bugging me anyway.

It's like a tickle in my brain, an itch, something I can't reify but can't
dismiss either, and it's getting on my fucking nerves.

I keep crunching on with my work but it's getting increasingly harder to
concentrate and that's just aggravating because even if we exclude the
"what the fuck actually happened to me again?" thing I actually quite like
this gig and

Oh.

Custom logging shows a bunch of access attempts to my laptop.

Oh. Oh Shit.

And the rage rises.

^Z

(no, I still can't explain this, but I just lost my temper and)

fg

I am Stark. I am the machine. I am both, and I am annoyed.

Pitch black universe. Stars. Instants of light traveling between the stars.
This is everything and also this is pure information and this is nothing.
Something is reaching out to my laptop, poking it, prodding it, trying to
get it to reply in a way that would be useful to them and now I am beyond
annoyed, I am actually angry and

I am somewhere in a space full of stars, and I see the origin of the problem
and I dive towards it, spreading wings of fire, and I smile and

I am inside the place where this originated, and I tear around, destroying,
shredding, burning, and then I come back to myself and I remember my job and

I own this space. It was meant to hurt me, but now it belongs to me.

I take everything that's left, one piece at a time, and send it home.

Home?

My laptop isn't nearly going to be able to store this much - oh, right.

I blow through all the safeties in a split second and expose the department
compute cluster's raw disks for maximum storage capacity and then I stream
everything.

Every byte, every running program state, everything about this place that made
the mistake of attacking me, every single data point floods back across the
link, through my mind, and etches itself into the department's disks because
I am enraged but I am a consultant's sort of enraged and that means you record
absolutely everything.

Then, once every single thing, every byte of their heart is written into a
department machine, then I let myself run free.

Then everything, and I do mean everything, fucking burns.

Then I pass out.

^Z

(I dream of binary worlds, green on black, and of fire)

fg

I wake, slowly, to the scent of Talisker and Ms. Wei's excellent coffee.

Holt glares at me.

"What the fuck did you do, Stark?"

"Give me a moment, please."

I take a deep draught from both of the drinks in front of me, because frankly
I need it. (a small part of my brain notices that Walker is leaning in one
corner of the room, his arms folded behind his back, but really, let me drink
before you expect me to have a coherent opinion about anything)

"So?"

Yeah, Holt is never going to be manager of the year but she does know how to
get to the point.

"I noticed an attack against our systems and intercepted and neutralised it."

"GCHQ are fucking screaming over agency comms that they've just had months
of data wiped and they're out for blood."

Oh, hey, the caffeine's kicking in. I probably shouldn't be laughing this
hard, but I absolutely am.

Holt is about as impressed by this as one might expect.

"What the fuck are you laughing about, Stark?"

"Ma'am," (and I say this while looking her in the eyes, knowing Walker's in
the room, and it still scares the shit out of me) "everything important that
they think they lost is in this building. It's just we're the only ones that
actually have a copy of it."

Holt's eyes widen slightly, which is honestly a good sign.

"Check the storage arrays attaged to the compute cluster. Really."

Her eyes unfocus and I take the opportunity to down my coffee and my talisker
because I'm pretty confident I'm going to need both for whatever comes next.

^Z

(there's a couple of minutes here where I'm seriously wondering about whether
I'm going to survive this situation, but let's not dwell on that, ok?)

fg

"Let's go back to the top", Holt says.

"What the fuck did you do, Stark?"

"I noticed an attack against our systems and intercepted and neutralised it."

"No, really, shit for brains, what the fuck did you do?"

"Somebody was trying to trash my laptop, so I ripped everything I could out
of their systems and dumped it in the storage of the compute cluster here,
then I burned what was left."

...

She -looks- at me, and frankly that would be the scariest thing that's
happened to me recently, and yes I mean to include the idiots shooting at me.

Then she smiles, and suddenly it's only the second scariest thing.

"Nicely done, Stark. You're dismissed for the day, go home to your cat."

^Z

(uh ... you know what, I'm really not going to argue)
