"Yours, I believe?"

I'm sat in the room with the TV wall again. No wolfmen this time, thankfully,
just a scowling Holt and Ms. Wei taking notes.

The screen shows four men sat at a table, Walker and Samson on one side, two
Eton suits I don't recognise on the other.

Of course, Samson also looks like an Eton suit, but one whose musculature
comfortably exceeds the other three put together - and his seems better fitted
to me, which makes a fascinating contrast to Walker's Metallica T-shirt with
an unbuttoned dark blue shirt thrown over the top.

I stifle a laugh in my coffee mug as I realise that our Samson has the
shortest hair at the table.

... meanwhile, the Eton suits are looking closely at the screen of a laptop
that Walker just rotated to show them, and both giving their best poker faces
as they study it.

"It is?" says one of the suits.

"You wouldn't be here if it wasn't."

"We're here because you made an unauthorised intrusion into a top secret
government system, and we'd be delighted to hear your reasoning therefore."

Walker leans back in his chair and puts his hands on the table, face up.

"One of your red team, in their infinite wisdom, decided to run an attack on
our systems." (the suit raises an eyebrow) "As such, my team intercepted and
neutralised the threat." 

I barely avoid choking on my coffee, and both Eton suits look like they're
about to choke on theirs.

"I'm sorry?"

Walker smiles. Not in a particularly friendly way.

"Allow me to be a little more clear. You are the British government's SIGINT
service. Five is the Security Service. Six is the Secret Intelligence Service.
The DIA is the Defence Intelligence Agency. We ... are responsible for non
human threats to national security."

"Non what?"

Walker clicks his fingers and one wall of the conference room they're in lights
up with a picture of one of the wolfmen.

(not one of the ones I've met, mind, and I have no idea whether it's simply a
different one or an interpolation from half a dozen real candidates, but)

The suits stare.

"See, people like this" (Walker gestures expansively) "really aren't your
field of expertise, and that's fine. But they are mine."

Walker sits up straight and fixes them with a thousand yard glare.

(I'm mostly too busy watching but I think Holt almost smiled)

"As such, we are British Military Intelligence, Department 13, and I would
vastly appreciate it if you didn't make the mistake of interfering with
our operations in future."

The Eton suits keep their poker faces pretty well, but there's just enough
body language tells to suggest that they're a tad surprised by this
eventuality, and it takes a few seconds before the senior suit responds.

"I see. Could you see clear to returning our data?"

"Of course - as I said, we only came by it in the first place due to an
unexpected attack on our systems of unknown provenance, after all."

"We will, of course, have to operate on the assumption that you've retained
a copy."

"I don't believe I accused GCHQ of being stupid. I'd just vastly prefer that
we both concentrated our efforts on actual threats to the Crown going
forwards."

"I see."

Walker stretches, and Samson shifts minutely in his chair, and I have a
feeling that the real point of the meeting is about to start.

"So, a copy of all of this data is already on its way via secure courier
back to your headquarters - before this meeting even started, since I was
confident of your professionalism - and while I entirely agree that you can't
trust me to do so, I do intend to wipe it once you've confirmed receipt.

"Meanwhile, we already have handshake co-operation agreements with Five, Six,
and DIA - I'm sure if it weren't for them vouching for us you wouldn't be here
after all - would you be interested in a further demonstration of good faith?"

Junior Eton suit looks like he's salivating.

Senior Eton suit sits back in his own chair and thinks about it.

"You know, I think such a thing might be in the interest of both of our
services."

"Exactly my thought." says Walker, and the TV screen goes blank.

I guess that means we're no longer invited to observe.

After a few moments, Holt stands and stalks out of the room ... and Ms. Wei
dons earbuds pulled out of a pocket, plugs them into her laptop, and carries
on typing.

I take this as a cue and head back to my office where mundane duties await.

^Z

(hardly just a receptionist then, though by this point I can't say I'm
remotely surprised by this)

fg

Happily, it appears that after yesterday's alarums and excursions, Holt has
seen fit to leave my access to the compute cluster intact this time, so I
spin up an independent resource slice on there and start installing things I
expect to make my project management efforts go more smoothly.

I am, I confess, momentarily tempted to see if there's still a copy of GCHQ's
data on there but if there's analysis to be done of that, I fully imagine that
it'll already be in hand, and I'd really rather not have my cluster access
Holt and Catch Fire a second time.

It's 2pm before Ms. Wei drops by with lunch and another mug of coffee - she's
clearly busy, and I have just enough time to say thank you before she nods on
the way out of the door.

At 4pm my internal messenger client lights up.

Holt: Walker's office.

Very well, ma'am.

^Z

(I know the way by now and am largely untroubled by the brusque summons ...
but I do make sure to bring my coffee)

fg

I knock gently on the door, and Walker's voice calls "come in."

From the tense body language and flushed faces, it seems that Walker, Holt
and Samson have been disagreeing.

"Sir." Holt's voice is more disapproving than normal. "This does not seem like
something that we should be involving ourselves with in the first place."

"With respect," Samson comments calmly, "we don't actually know that, and even
if the problem -is- mundane then the advantages of having GCHQ on side going
forwards could easily be worth it."

"I don't like putting a fresh agent at risk."

Shit. She's talking about me. I interject.

"Director, might I ask the nature of the potential operation?"

Walker sits up in his chair as Holt and Samson subside, at least for the
moment.

"You might, Stark. GCHQ have been tracking a Jihadi cell but they've been
unfortunately resistant to SIGINT penetration, for whatever reason. They'd
like us to take a crack at it."

"Jihadi, boss?"

Samson responds. "Let us say, Mister Stark, that they're the sort of deeply
unfortunate fanatical Salafi who have devoted their lives to giving their
putative religion an ... explosively ... bad name."

"Ah."

"But this particular group appear to be co-ordinating via the internet ... and
yet every attempt made so far to compromise their command and control systems
has been a humiliating failure."

"So GCHQ would like us - perhaps me - to see if we can crack into it and find
out what we can find out?"

"Indeed."

Holt interjects. "This isn't necessarily within our remit though, we don't
even know if there's supernatural involvement."

"I get it. But this is an operation I can handle from my desk, assuming it
works out how it's supposed to?"

"Well, yes." Holt is clearly unconvinced.

"Perhaps more importantly, at least to me, this is an opportunity to ruin the
entire week of a group of people who would be entirely happy to throw me off
the roof of a five story building given the opportunity."

Holt and Samson blink. Walker merely nods. I drain my coffee.

"So under the circumstances, please do count me in."
