Watching a jihadi chatroom is a fucking trip.

Let me spin backwards for a minute.

^Z

(there was a certain amount of argument as to whether I was even to be
permitted to try this job, but I wanted it, Walker understood, and Holt
... acquiesed ... eventually)

fg

"So, Holt, what's the target here?"

"Their online handle is x4le. No, I don't know what that means."

"Ok, but what's my role?"

"They've been running a group for months, and every attempt to track them
down by one of our sister agencies has, at best, failed to achieve anything."

"At best?"

"Don't ask, Stark, I'm not cleared for most of the at worst but I strongly
suspect several of those attempts resulted in the relevant agents unexpectedly
achieving room temperature."

"Ah. So?"

"We're going to get you access to one of their internal chatrooms - you'll
have to sound sufficiently bloodthirsty while you're there - and then with
a bit of luck, you can bait the target into making a connection you can
follow and everything else can go from there."

"Lovely. Can I at least get some insensitivity training first?"

^Z

(and so I meet a new friend)

fg

Mister Mo is, theoretically, short for Mohammed but he's far from wanting
that name to be expressed in full because he's far from wanting to be part
of the religious idiocy he grew up with.

Actually, he was quite happy just being called Mo, but I couldn't quite find
that to feel like a form of address with appropriate respect so we settled on
"Mister Mo" as a compromise we could both live with.

Meanwhile, he was an excellent teacher of how the idiocy he grew up with
might express itself online, and I did my best to be an excellent student.

^Z

(and so the game begins)

fg

Watching a jihadi chatroom is a fucking trip.

No, really, they're talking about how evil The West is, and maybe half of
what they say is things that we are actually guilty of, and then the other
half is things that are completely fucking invented.

I make a few comments about American and British Imperialism and suddenly
I'm just another part of the conversation.

(the fact everything I've said would've also been happily said by anglo
Stalinists is apparently lost on them, but right now that's fine by me)

Thing is, this is just the hello, and not actually achieving anything ...
except there's x4le, taking the existing thoughts and encouraging people
to be more radical, more violent.

Thing is, I don't know how to get him to pay attention to -me-, and then
Holt sends me a link to drop into the chat and tells me I should probably
check it out myself while I'm waiting.

The link is via a fresh domain that I can assume was set up as a front onto
the Department systems. Well, fair game, let's drop it into the chat. And
then have a look.

^Z

(I know the look on that teenage boy's face ... I know the look on the face
of the man looming over him ... I know exactly what all of this means and ...)

fg

x4le is cheering "this is what happens to boys who don't accept the one true
god"

Ah.

This time I swan dive into the void, because I know where I've started and
even if I don't know where I'm going I -do- know I want to go there and win.

My consciousness hurts as it bounces off the edges of the tunnel as it runs
up through an encrypted route to the chat system and then I'm into the clear.

Open now, everything to be seen, to be known, and I look for x4le's entry
into this world and dive down it, through his attempts at hiding this, and
into the system he started from.

I grin to myself and look around and start to pull data from here outwards
and that's gorgeous but also I start looking through the local system's
cameras and then.

Somebody looks back at me.

I can't be sure he's x4le himself but he looks at one of the cameras and
the level of recognition and smug on his face strikes me as a clue and then
the camera short circuits and

It occurs to me that there's a radio system attached to these computers and
I grab the nearest audio file from my own machine and put it on repeat and

Something slams into me in void space and it hurts, it hurts so much and

I make an effort and force something to show up on Holt's machine, it says
"now playing: DIA" and

Oh, now it's on. My consciousness is slammed into the edge of the system,
fire is brought unto this, whoever x4le is is quite capable of tearing my
entire consciousness to pieces and I'm new to this game but I'm not ready
to give up just yet.

A whisper comes to my ears ... "hold on, Stark" ... and I burn and I
turn myself into fire and I tear into them and rip them to pieces because
nobody who was like me will ever be hurt again and

I know the look on that teenage boy's face.

I slam my consciousness out through the department, through Holt, and to
what else is happening, and then I realise what that is and what DIA have
wrought and then I stop and I take a moment to understand and

I dive back in, reinforcing systems I still control, frying the ones I don't
on my way past, launching barrages of noise packets with a handful hidden
amongst them containing my will and the maybe x4le recoils, faced with a
contest for his domain that he clearly didn't expect and

The exfiltration completes and I take a moment to be sure everything has been
recorded and then carefully, lovingly spool the disks in question down so
they're quiescent and no longer in danger of attack, and

Now I'm ready, now I arrogate unto myself every resource still available in
the department's compute cluster, suspending or terminating everything else
because while I'd rather not disrupt my colleagues' work I'm going to need
all of this and

I flow back into their systems just as my opponent surges forwards and meet
him with cryptographic fire and brimstone, blunting all of his attacks,
letting them splash against and over my walls of fire, not attacking myself
but defending my territory to the hilt.

He redoubles his efforts, and I take a metaphorical punch that hurts as much
as several cracked ribs but I am braced and I have more compute behind me
than he does and while he's chipping away at my defences it's slow, oh so
slow, slow enough that I'm entirely comfortable with how this is going.

I think my nose is bleeding. I'm going to have to have that shirt dry cleaned.

It's been minutes now, and I hold less than half the infospace territory that
I did at the peak of my intrusion but that's fine, attrition is fine, the
object of the exercise is to keep his attention until Holt tells me

"Stark!"

I whip my conciousness back into my baseline meat on instinct, feeling the
so carefully set up defences inside their systems start to crumble as I
depart and the enemy eagerly rushing in to the void so created, but

It's too late.

I'm only half conscious, sat in front of my laptop screen, my shirt is almost
certainly ruined, but what comes on screen as I settle slowly backwards into
the arms of my chair is scratchy drone footage of a bunker out in the middle
of the desert and something suddenly appears on camera and streaks towards
it and

White.

And then I pass out again.

^Z

(static)
