"You did this intentionally."

"Yes, Stark, I did."

It's significantly harder to be angry at Holt when she simply agrees with
things.

"You had me do this intentionally."

"Yes ... I did."

We watch each other across the table, glaring silently, and eventually she
decides to speak.

"It's raining men? Really, Stark?"

"I didn't have much time and I wanted to be obvious."

"Well, it worked. I'm not sure if I should approve of it but it worked."

"How about we consider what you did to me with that boy as even?"

"I think I can work with that, Stark."

"Acceptable. May I go home to my cat now?"

"Yes, Stark."

^Z

(naturally, I took off my shoes and socks at the door and then immediately
stepped in cat barf)

fg

"GCHQ are really quite impressed."

We're sat in a conference room - Walker and Samson sat on the other side of
the table from me, Holt stood behind me by the wall with her arms folded
behind her back, glaring as ever.

"I am ... complimented ... Director."

"They've been trying to interdict that bunch of knobends for quite a while,
and you not only got a full SIGINT dump but also supplied an ... imaginative
... approach to the provision of geographical targeting data."

"I was a trifle distracted at the time and wanted to ensure that my choice of
signal was comfortably recognisable, boss."

Walker laughs.

"Indeed it was, and even Holt almost cracked a smile as a result."

"Stephen!" she says, taking a brief moment away from her solid glare.

Walker waves it away.

"Seriously, though, that worked out extremely well - which means that
realistically the only possible reward is to make your life more complicated."

Holt stands up straight and almost gets as far as opening her mouth.

"Yes, Holt, I know. But we're short on field capable staffers and this man
is showing an impressive aptitude for adaptation on the fly."

"I don't like it, Stephen."

"Nor should you, but I'll split him with you - three days a week of training,
two catching up on your paperwork for you?"

She looks for a moment like she's going to argue, then subsides, settling
back against the wall with a resigned look on her face.

"Very well. How much of this training am I expected to be providing?"

Samson leans forwards. "Rather up to you, Ms. Holt, but I was thinking two
days of our usual field work course and one of your mutual specialty - with
an understanding that you can include whatever additional survival skills,
and/or additional homework, you see fit."

"I ... could find that acceptable. But-"

Walker interjects. "Naturally I'd rather not rush this process more than is
strictly necessary giving exigent circumstances, and I'd be more than happy
to ensure you're fully consulted such that his initial field operation is a
sensible initiation ... but at the same time I do hope you remember that
there being too few of us and too many things to do is hardly a problem we've
yet to escape, even if it was rather worse in the early days."

"I know. But I have a bad feeling about this."

"You have a bad feeling about everything, Holt, that's why we're privileged
to have you."

She glares and I finally find my voice.

"I've actually been quite enjoying myself so far, much to my surprise, but
I'm never going to truly know who and what I am now if I don't get out there
and make some actual use of my new abilities.

"Believe me that I'm in no hurry to put myself in harm's way - I've taken a
punch or three before now just for being who I am, and it was never something
I found particularly salutary, but ... after my recent adventure I seem to
have developed a taste for doing things that need doing.

"So, my better judgement aside, yes, I'd like the field training."

I turn.

"Holt, I do entirely see your point. I'd really rather not be present at my
own funeral either. But you chose to show me the sort of unpleasantness
we're potentially dealing with here, and I refuse to choose to look away.

"So how about you teach me everything you know - everything about what I am
now and what I can do, and everything you learned from the early days with
Walker about suspicion and how that leads to survival. Because I'm probably
going to need it but I'm damned if I'm not going to try ... and also because
before I go into the field for the first time I'm making a will and you're
going to be the one responsible for my cat."

She stands up straight and -looks- at me, pale blue eyes boring into me, and
holds that pose for several seconds as I meet her gaze, not smiling, merely
certain - more certain than I had honestly expected to be.

"Are you really sure about this, Stark?"

"Deadly."

We both try to stare the other down for a few more seconds and then I decide
to break the moment.

"Especially, Holt, and I am very much not joshing you about this, about the
fact I absolutely intend to make you legally responsible for my cat."

Her jaw drops for a moment, and then she laughs. Bitter, hurt, but full
throated nonetheless.

"Stark, I couldn't stop you if I wanted to, could I?"

"I'm afraid it's a little too late for that ... ma'am."

She blinks, takes a moment to ponder (at least metaphorically) stabbing me
to death, and then sighs and extends her hand.

"Very well, Stark, I'll teach you as best I can."

I grip her hand and incline my back in the very slightest of bows.

"Then I'll learn as best I can, and let us both hope it's good enough."

We let go and both take an instinctive step back, the deal done.

There are a few seconds of silence.

"So, monday, field training begins?" asks Samson.

"Apparently, sir." I reply.

"I'm sure you'll do fine. Any prior hand to hand or firearms experience?"

"With respect to the former, not other than getting gay bashed. With respect
to the latter, I am very much a post-Dunblane kid so I've never touched a
handgun, but I've used a Steyr Scout a few times up in the highlands and I
wasn't entirely useless with it."

"That, Mr. Stark, I believe I can work with."

He turns.

"Ms. Holt, while we might not always be able to offer such equipment on a
field mission, I am optimistic that we can teach your boy to either use such
things when they're available or to run away and await backup if not.

"I do very much appreciate your ... issues ... with casualty rates amongst
those who've been previously assigned to you, but I rather believe that this
is going to be a new and fascinating situation.

"Are you willing to trust me in that regard?"

Holt blinks, and takes a moment to consider the question.

"I'd be dead twice over if it wasn't for you, Samson. But do be aware that
if he ends up dead I'll do my best to kill you myself."

Samson -grins-.

"I wouldn't have it any other way, Ms. Holt."

^Z

(what the FUCK have I got myself into here ...)
